Hello.
YEAH
Fantástico..!!!!
🙏
Thrilled and happy that you are reaching people in Riverside California.  I so enjoy these conversations.   Appreciate this
Welcome, everyone. Comment with your questions for Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, and moderator Touré will ask some.
Good evening
Yad K. Rashid
My serenade to Trump and the Senate: Let it go, let it go, let it go!
Comment with your questions for Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, and moderator Touré will ask some.
Good afternoon from Cali 😊🙏
Good evening from Brazil
Good evening!
Brasiiiil!
Good evening
Insight in how to get to work. Is this what Lifeis about? Just asking.
A true legend!
Agree
Hi from LA!
Nap intelligent!
Congratulations Satya Nadella, Rebecca Blurnenstein, and The New York Times
Question for Satya - I believe that there is always a reason which should be bigger than the goal in order to reach there. What was the reason behind your success? @nytimes
So inspiring!!
Comment with your questions for Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and Rebecca Blumenstein will ask some.
What is the hardest call you have ever had to make. Either personally or professionally?
Inspiring successful man. Salute you
The mission of business is to address the unmet, unarticulated needs of consumers. And empathy helps you discover those needs.
I love how open this interview is.
“Every five years, Microsoft faced a new existential threat.”
I've been in radio for over 20 years and the industry is dying. So I'm needing a career change. What sector of the economy, on specific terms, do you see being the most vibrant job sector over the coming decades. And can I have a job working for you?
How will robotics impact your workforce in the next 10 years?
Don’t view things from a competitive lens. You need to think about the core purpose of your company.
He is really really good 
at
Tom Groves
He is ra nice guy and really really good at managing up!
He sould be more worried abour ERROR 404
Comment with your questions for Satya Nadella and the moderator will ask some.
Way to go Becky!
Question - Any plans to go back to mobile business.. asking as an advert fan of Windows phone UI
Watch out for corporate monopoly on humanity. https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/issue-arrest-warrants-social-media-ceos-responsible-aiding-abetting-distribution-child-pornography
👍👍👍
Question - Where do you see Microsoft in next 5 years from now?
I think I like this guy
Lauren
#integrity#intelligent#ambitious#humble
Ruth Lora
How did he found time to write a book while being a CEO
Really!?
Thank you
👍
Together is the operative word
HI FROM GREECE
As technology and AI accelerates, how will "the have" companies, like Microsoft, support public educational institutions and non-profits, the "have-nots", to stay relevant and competitive?
Wow I never knew that Kenya was the first launch point
Hi
Miss you julia
That is a great accomplishment
👍
Data scarcity :(
Nice
Hi
Magandang buhay julia
Watching here from the Philippines
120 GHz CPU seems good
Awesome app I love it I use it
Awesome awesome awesome you’re doing fantastic job and kudos to your team as well
What an excellent marketer!
God bless julia!
Kbangay miss ka n nmin sa e.b.
How do you manage your day?
Good  l manage  to you, very
That’s important because machines should not replace jobs they should work in conjunction with the jobs
Good bless you ate julia
What is his name?
- sorry for dropping by - coming in late.
“dropping by”
Very informed and articulate expression of his vision.
This was a great interview.
absolutely agree
Nice
Nice
Great to introduce with CEO of Microsoft Satya Nadella ,
lo escucho después. ..porque cuando imagine los audios de whatsapp. ..tenia un celular Nokia. ..creado en Finlandia. ...y fabricado en China. ..como los SMS eran costosos se me ocurrió imaginar algo por internet simirar a una radio de comunicaciones ...presionando un botón para enviar un audio grabado sin decir cambio . ...no importa si me lo garronearon..............hoy lo utilizo ..😎
INTERESTING AND RARE.
Ang ganda talaga
good evening, what are the top 3 qualities of a leader that Satya admires?
Did you ask him how he feels about women asking for/getting a raise?  In Oct 2014, he said (this is from Forbes magazine):  "....Nadella said that women should trust 'karma' instead of asking for pay raises. Nadella suggested that the 'system' would reward their work...."  He later apologized, only when confronted.  His apology does not mean that he doesn't believe (and act upon) what he said.
That's all you got, bud?
Ajit Patel
Manisha Bhalekar no, I was just asking because it's rare for anyone to write a book while being an active CEO..
Victoria Shahnovich This is what I watched
Worth watching!
Vashisht Watch from 4:00
Becky-I always love watching your interviews!
Oksana Omarova
call me
Good afternoo from Tanzania
🙂🙂
🙂🙂
2=2 D1    82=82 D1  0=1 D1 0=0 D1 1=0 D1  X#X 0
I have been a good customer of your business.  I will no longer support you as long as you sponsor the NFL.  I will be forced to purchase Apple products. I hope that you can understand how much this pains your loyal customers  to go elsewhere.  Good luck deciding what to do.  I support free speech and protests but not during the national anthem disrespecting my country and those who have given their lives for our freedoms.  Protesters can choose another time and platform to make their point.  Upsetting good Americans who believe in equality by hurting those who have served our country is ignorant because it further divides us and hurts their cause to promote real change.
Indian proud moment!
Zosia
where did you buy the socks?
Proud of you!  Very cool interview
Windows for life.
Great speech.
Ethan Langholcs
Miguel Macías
Fashion is not style
Colette Burke his voice is so soothing
What doesn't kill you makes you strong !!! Bravo young man !!
Դերեր նվագելը, ինչպես ես կարդում եմ սցենարներ բարձր բյուջետային ֆիլմի համար, իմանալով իմ դերը, որպես իմ դերակատարություն, որպես խաղացող խաղացող, որը խաղում է սրտերի խաղ, դատելով, թե ինչպես եք գործել ձեր արտացոլման ձեր ձեռքը ցույց տալու համար, դուք հուսով եմ, այնպես որ կարող եք փոխել երթուղին #. «Դա խաղից է եւ ինչպես եք խաղում այն:
Բոլորը հսկողության մասին եւ եթե կարողանաք դա անել:
Բոլորը ձեր պարտքի մասին եւ եթե դուք կարող եք վճարել այն:
Դա ցավն է եւ ով է դա դարձնում »(Motorhead)
Can only be truly “relevant” if it’s affordable...
This video humanized him to me. I think he has a good head on his shoulders and has a grasp of what works and what doesn't... who within us doesn't always want to please?
Jordan Briggs
Abby Leepin love him
Wonderful having always good opportunity , you deserve the best
I really like this guy! He comes across as being true to himself. He is very comfortable in his skin.
“We need to change. We need to push boundaries. We need to talk to the new generation. ....It's just when we try to talk to the new generation, the new generation go berserk, foam at the mouth, smash shop windows and scream, 'RACISSST !!!" .... We know how you feel Olivier. We know how you feel.
L OV E
We need the Failing NY Times and the leftist media to quit race baiting and fear mongering.
Laura Luna 🔥
It's like guided meditation but with fun scarves
“Relevance” is merely relative to the observer. What you find irrelevant isn’t to those who can buy these clothes. Just as “affordable” isn’t.
Norrachai NorCh Chanthitivech
Baptiste Dubois ;)
I love Balmain. I love Paris. And I do love his office!!!
I think your IG page is very impressive. Your content is truly engaging but I think more people need to know about you.I would definitely recommend David to run your Instagram campaign. You ought to be able to message him at davidjoseph.insta@gmail.com
Lara Lain we need to spend time with this 11 x
"SAD, BAD".
This is so beautiful in every way. His work, his past, his present and future all in a few inspiring minutes.
Merci Olivier you're a good ambassador of French fashion and you show the world how diverse is our country. It was time. We need more you and Christian Louboutin to show case African descent french designers..
Elizabeth Johnsen
Renata El
Juliane Melo Dias ele eh demais!
Veena Bollers Mykonos
Yeah for the adopted kids and their success! Grounded and humble that's what makes them grand
Whats happened to your eyebrows
Adoption... yay!
❤️
Good job young man.😎
Awes
Sophia Tran
Weirdo.
Ameni Ben Amor
Savannah Ratnayake must watch
Gerri Marie - this is the brand of the shirt I was wearing the other day
Lol at the relevance of fashion...
great bone structure 👍
Adam Utopia ❤️
Anastasia Diandra
Katherine Chen <3 <3 <3 omg i love him
Denise Van Straaten
Marina Paiva Lembrei de vc!!! 😘
Alfred DeGuzman while I was watching this clip, I couldn't stop thinking of you
We need to make a lot of things relevant, like love, compassion and tolerance or climate change... fashion is the last thing that needs anymore relevance.
Daniel
Michi Phanupong Jenzer
Mario SC
Guido Rieger
Why his face looks so unnatural
Estelle Schmitz
Mar St
Mathilde Bak
Francesco
why does he push his lips
Thiago Lima
Slania Invictia
wow, how interesting when he says that "the strength of my life is this, the adoption"...that shows how love can change a life, and that one life can influence other's too!
Antonis Sarris
Gladys Gaval
Guiane Fortich
Charles-Antoine
Annefleur Schut
&Christina Agraggelou
Ik houd van alles aan en in deze video
My gosh. balmain
Thought so <3
Marjorie Le Roux
Saruul Enkhbold haha
Dajgui ch ymu hha
😂😂
Mahene Khan
Christopher Nathan
And what are we doing at 22
I thought of you when I saw this, Latanya Rose Red...💜
And wow at the adoption bit
Danny Ribbers Pasquale Lombardi Quir Ine Nancy Carroll Dianne Adams Nikki Fiveash Nicole Davison-Higgins Mariann Klein Ivansdóttir Sandra Dorn
Sarah Mitsis
Su Odabasi voll das schöne Video, Schau mal bis zum Ende
May Lee
Thank you!!! I love this guy!! he so talented. You see why I love this clothing line 😊❤️💫✨
I do see why... and the detail on the pieces is incredible!
Patricia Rojas and his story.. 😢
Victor Levillageois
Eric Daniels
Relevant? To who? You live in Paris, and work in a penthouse. How disconnected can you get for a "new generation".
True Clarence but with a new generation and basic market trends, affordable is what's in.
Caroline
Jake Schlossberg
Emma Baty okay this is cool
Michelle Ortega Fdez
Julie Mdn
Definitely not the creative director for Batman. I realize this now.
Great marketing strategy for the brand...
Marielee
Rafa GL Anguita
Corinna Joyce
Jacques Bialostozky Thomas Heegaard
Insightful
Jimena Echeverria
i completely agree with you. He seems so down to earth as well
Valentin Epiphanie
Hannah W Kim
One thing is for sure, he has totally changed his face.
I didn't know that Balmain was black Roan Hickey
Kawayne Alexander this guy reminds me of you! I want to be this fabulous :D
Dyon meer brakka gewoon
I hope he will become just as important for Balmain as Erik Mortensen was.
Legendary 💯
Yan Win Phyo
Jason Mobley we be running the world by 25
Tara O' Donnell this is stunning
I'll watch it shortly Natalie Green
I ❤️ Balmain
Excellent !!
Pauly Nic
And I hate Balmain....
Brian Jefferson every time I see him, I think it's you!
everyone says this!!!
maybe it means you're destined for greatness at a young age ❤️❤️
Rebecca Lameka I hope ❤️👌😫😫
Myles Huff
This was a wonderful interview to do.
How so much better you are than us shallow people who love fabric and pretty design. But the Crux of your argument is wrong fashion has been apart of every society, every tribal group, every peoples since human beings have been on this Earth. Fashion has always been a revolutionary act, from women wearing pants,and the Black Panthers. Fashion sets the tone for a revolution it always has and always will because it gives people the ability State their opinion without having to say a word
Nafiis
Thanks Guido Rieger
Whahahaha 😂
Maryam
Oh still that jawline tho
Bart Hoste efkes vanuit een ander perspectief, kmag em wel, den olivier!
Mary LeBlanc
Seems so lovely
Mena Adel Ibrahim
😭 he’s so inspiring
Pantha Vee
Omg you know me so well 😍
love himmm
Angela Chi-ham tenemos plumas Balmain 😉
Ce mec mérite pas qu’un like ✨👌🏾
Lovely.
Tenemos 4 😂
Gilberto Augusto de Oliveira
Sharing your comments! Thanks
#acodedworld
I am obsessed with this man Joey Arellano
Daniel Oglesby
Noa Evron!
Elijah Caldwell did you know he was adopted?
אלופה! הלוואי והוא יספר לי איפה התצוגה מחר 😂😂
Love him
Jenny Fan
I would not care if the entire fashion industry disappeared.
Ian Jeong goals
Rick Nunes
Madeleine
Ale Roldan¡¡¡
Brittani Taylor this is good
Jean Christine
¿te acuerdas que vimos de él?. Está súper chavito, no mms O.O
And that's how they get you to accept the insane under the guise of "tolerance" and "equality." This is the basic tenet of ideological subversion by Marxist socialists.
חחחח
Christine Chrysanthemum
Jajajajaja, a pesar de ser cómo muy estrafalario o atascado, tiene cosas que se ven bien.
Juli Sánchez
the studio omg
Giang Nguyen
I wish people would state their opinion by voting instead of wearing Balmain Couture. What exactly is the fashion industry trying to tell us without words? I do not get it.
Salony Saxena
Anais Legrand Silk Chadia
Jonathan's Garcia
So nao gostei do rostro ULTRAOPERADO😂
so para chegar aos teus calcanhares
😂😂😂 abusada
Jenna Nelson
Nikoletta Streltsova 🤑
Τον λατρεύω αλλά ο τύπος πρέπει να είναι μεγάλη σκύλα 😑😅
Nikoletta Streltsova  Γτ να ειναι; Μου αρέσει όμως που μιλάει ανοιχτά για τις ανασφάλειες του.
Αυτά σου κανει το μάρκετινγκ και βλέπεις να άλλον συναισθηματικουλικα.και η Versace είχε μιλήσει για τις ανασφάλειες της αλλά είναι γνωστό πόσο μπιτσαρα ειναι 😅
Alice Mawhinney !!
Amelia Gregory inspiring!!
I didn't say the fashion industry your comment was about clothes in general
♥️
He doesn’t feel pressure because he doesn’t make the clothing.
You and your work are great!!! But stop with the botox pal!! Start looking like a kardashian
Julie B. Stupp
Leslie Hwang Chloe Kardash
Love his work.
Jirayu Sureeถ้าฟังนางออกนะ มันดีมากกกกก
balmain ชอบบบนางมากกก
ตอนที่นางไห้นางเเบบเดินให้ชุด ชั้นนึกถึงเทอเรยเเท้ก
ความคิดนางคือแบบบ เสื้อผ้าไฮโซแต่คนที่ไม่ค่อยมีก็ใส่ได้
ราคาตั้ฝแต่หลักพันจนไปเป้นแสนอะ
ชอบ
แต่ชอบ Givenchy มากกว่า55
the pushing boundaries project
Oliver ❤️
Love the post
ugh i LOVE him =)
Arshad Aslam
Bridget Abfalter Emma Butler
Ugh! Love him so much. There's some really great extended interviews with him from when balmain first brought him on. It's a great watch. Thanks for sharing!
One of the best designer. If Alexander McQueen is still alive, it will be interesting
Stefi Kyuchukova
Louise Collomb-rey
Joel August Stein Pedersen
R Tomas Harris
Rohini Mukherjee Daga
Tui to indur 😘😘
Soraya Ton ami! :P
What is that?
Nicolas Delgrandi il ressemble plus à rien le pauvre
Msa
Don Sébastien Abdoul - Calif diversity meets creativity
LOL and he looks to that k-trash family for inspirations. please, he is spitting nonsense, as always. me guess, he doesnt have a mirror to look at himself lately. atrocious.
Dans la dernière minute on est en plein mélodrame pathétique c'est gênant
מדהים
Elisha Mirza
Camille Dela Paz
Raquel Gomes Badue 😘
Au top ce mec !
Love this insight into Olivier Rousteing and love Balmain.
Kelly Lim
La chirurgie a détruit son visage je suis choquée Joseph Leclercq
YES
cc Mélanie Rostagnat: circa 2:40
♥️💋
Hannah Hye-bin Chung
Arturo Drummond - Are you thinking about people like Soros and their schemes to destabilize the EU from the inside? Yeah, that's pretty insane... However, I'm confident the authorities are fully aware of it and act accordingly
Umm,  no!
Komola Azimova Shaban
Ich folge dem Olivier schon seit Ewigkeiten auf Instagram
Waw!!
Wai Lin Aung
Shafikha Sakinah Iman
Clara the US is the only country where this hasn't been attempted in recent years. 
Case in Point: Ukraine 2014: the newly democratically elected President wasn't in bed with the IMF, and for the sake of keeping his country debt at a minimum, decided to form an Alliance with Russia. This decision would be in the best interests of the citizens in his country, but not for the IMF, and elements in the "Establishment" in the US.

That's when the USA sponsored revolts started. Initiated by Victoria Nuland (Asst. US Sec of State), Geoffrey Pyatt (US Ambassador to Ukraine) and select CIA establishment members, he was forcibly removed from office, and replaced with one that was more friendly to the IMF and the West. ANTIFA was used to destabilize the democracy and Mustafa Nayyam (sp?) managed the dissimination of propaganda through social media and major media outlets, almost *playbook* to what's going on right now in the USA with the same players. Research more into Victoria Nuland and Congressman Schiff. 
http://bit.ly/2fbeCuD
Natalia S.Leon
So inspiring ❤️
Nathanaella Naomi Johan
Timothy Uwemedimo you
Margot Rassion you might like this
They work in a building and own two floors to themselves, while in the city of Paris. Not many businesses in New York have that much space. Balmain is relevant to a lot of people, seeing that it's one of frances biggest fashion houses. And they obviously aren't disconnected if you saw this video. Plus you didn't notice all the celebrities the creative director was with? You dumb af.
Fashion is the connection between art and pop culture for many people, especially the youth today. Without fashion, there may not be a huge interest in the arts for the generation coming up. So it's more important than you think
And its france, do you even know what hoi polloi is, or the jacobins? If you did then maybe you would see where I am coming from and how this video tries to "normalize" the elite with us. But assuming your response to my initial one, I highly doubt it.
Love you Oliver you are an inspiration to many god bless❤️❤️🇨🇦
Jo Haugum
Danni Grəgory
Zoe Dixon x
Nadmi Sandi
Lisa Aulnette
lui nato per affiancare Donatella
Beautiful story, part of myself too
Preet Bee
pretty sure I'm more flamboyant
Lily Ngo
Imad Aboul-hosn
Marlon Javier
We have 2-3 years to be creative directors hahaha
Marlon Javier let's goooo
Omg I love him! He's so talented!! ❤️❤️
Rachel Symes
Love this guy - Marianne notre bff 😍
Emma check him out. I love this guy - French guy, my new bff. Love him
Such a kind soul.  I watch this twice.
Clio Rojas 😍
nice..
Fashion relevant. 🙏🏼
Kai Witte
Priscilla Chu Jade Daane
They need to get some stabilization on some of these shots. It feels like I'm on a boat.
😍😍😍 quel homme! ❤️❤️❤️
Lucy Mcenaney
I can recognize my own urine in a sample of over a hundred bus shelters..
Not same. Analogous.
Moo Shu.  Lol.  Interesting and too cute.
Wyatt Hough get a load of this impostor
Roxanne Heckin' science!
This is such a flawed study. Urine is always an external stimulus, one that dog's encounter all day every day, making them incredibly familiar with it. They do not often see their own reflections, and there is nothing familiar about their own faces. The mirror test should not be compared to a urine test at all.
Absolutely different
Nora Burzycki
Stian Sanderholm
Antonella Labbate

Sarah Maher
that one golden retriever is so cute just sayin
Vinicius Castro
Naomi Menezes
Steph Rosienski Ilona Rosienski
Ângela Cruz
My dog seemingly recognizes the same bathroom spot during our daily walks The more we know about man’s best friend, the better off we will be as pet lovers
Becca Ostby
Jenny this guy 😂
Then why do they keep smelling the areas where they pee over and over?
What value does the study have?
Sokol Ndrejaj
Carlos Marquesi
Joanna Gartner that shihtzu mutt in the beginning of the vid is one of those impostor types that tries showing up to the Shihtzus of America meetings
You mean why study animal behavior? hmmmm...
Katie Bayliss Maybe Stan is just really self aware.
Julie Buckley-Davidson no just this particular study seems valueless
Adriana Bolanos Davila
Dog’s mirror 😊
Amanda Gabriela Lima
Moo Shu is one of the cutest dogs I've ever seen.
Depends if you're in the habit of pissing on mirrors, I guess.
Jaclyn Jacobson
Michelle Botindari
Aaron Casas
Nilam Patel
Patrick Neilands, you would seem like the only person I could think of to tag in this.
My lab knows himself in the mirror. If I stand beside him he recognizes me, too. He'll make eye contact in the mirror.
Edgar Guerra
Laura Vinciguerra Kuzava
Brenna Atkins

Brett Eller
Elliott Oldenburg
Awwwwwww
https://partners.uber.com/i/qdos6

Daniela Romano
Alice look at this dog. Just look at him.
Tommy Brown the dogs name is moo shu
But it is so cute
Elijah Walker   get a life plastic bertrand https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDHjeiys3a0
Jefferson Mamose
LOOK AT ALL OF THEM
Gretchen VanWormer MOO
Nikki Sharma
Angela Horton
Smarty pantses 🤓
It reminds of that book about how dogs love humans called "You'll never know how much I smell you."
Sammi Jo Mayo
Justin Beghly
Cynthia
Karen Socorro omg
Moo Shu fan present and accounted for
Melissa lots of pupps
Ah yes puppers 4 science
Hahahahha damns
One needs to ask, "Is this truly necessary?!  Given all the natural disasters and poverty, shouldn't research money be better spent?!"
Mine too. And her pee.
Sumay Woo
Moo Shu is the cutest thing ever Karina Sandbekkhaug
Joe Rizkallah kisi is trembling behavioral Endocrinology is PSEUDOSCIENCE compared to this
Mel Tillmann, Sarah Kämper, Marvin Marvelous 🤔
Congratulations! Release the Pee Pee tape!
Julia Culpepper omg
Carlot van Wees
Jackson Kaye
Saori Sadatomo
Bina Perino
Gloria Salmon
Monet Hendricks
Lissi Liss
Na'ama
Jayrane Fotouhi le chien s'appelle Moo Shu please
Amanda Luz
interesting change of perspective with regard to thinking about oneself
Marcelo Endres Rafael Wolff
Monique Orobona
The nose knows!
Lea Silverstein
Who cares??? I just want to adopt him!!! Stinkin' cute!
Denise Sims
Will Dorrell oh my god
Ben Makansi :O like rosie did on her walk this weekend?!
Moo is AWARE 😹
This seems like a weak experiment to me. the fact that dogs are not too interested in their own urine shows only that they are familiar with it, not that they recognize it as theirs. If they smelled some other dots urine a number of times, they would likely be not too interested in that scent either. This does not show me that dogs should be admitted in the realm of the self-conscious.
I think there's plenty of room for interpretation in these results, but I don't see the relevance of your criticism.

Is the unfamiliarity of mirrors conceptually important to the mirror test?  Plenty of animals grow up with mirrors in their environment yet never show a hint of passing the mirror test.

And it isn't that the dogs just favored the most familiar scent. In the test, the *unfamiliar*, *altered* version of their urine is what was most interesting, not the most familiar, un-altered scent.
I can say that about, say, toys for children. Let kids do without toys! There are natural disasters and poverty!  Kids don't *need* toys.

You can always point to anything that costs money and imagine a better use for those particular dollars and cents.  

The reason poverty exists isn't because of the relatively tiny bit of research money used for dog behavior.
I don't care about the study that's a cute puppo Gary
No single study has much value. An entire body of research on the awareness (and self-awareness) of animals, however, does.
Alexia Fite weird video but omg the dog are so cute
Doug Zacher I want Moo Shu for my birthday
Danielle Sim interesting stuff here!
jamies cat was named moo shu n then it got eaten
Moo shu!😙😙
Jamie Havran I'm sorry for your loss
Jack Mansour heavy stuff
Joseline Ochoa
Mariah Olson so do dogs not typically pass the mirror test?
Moo Shu have it's tud!! Love it!!
I have both a shihtzu and a llasa, both very similar. Looks more like my llasa. That's what I assumed it was. Doesn't matter anyway.
Michael Shu MuShu
Allison Neslage Moo Shu!! <3
Berry não só se reconhece no espelho como também reconhece a gente!
Pas mal comme nom pour un chien
Caroline Ferguson what is the breed of dog which comes up third in the video, he is kinda white with speckles?
Theresa Feeser
Wow that's me
You would too if you could lean over far enough to lick yourself clean.
Yeah I don't think they do
The mirror self recognition test is super contraversal though because it may not be suited for all animals sensory abilities
This video is super cool!
(B.A. Bible/Biology)*

THE SOULS OF ANIMALS

The Bible teaches that animals have a soul. Animals do not have a soul as advanced as humans, but they do have a soul. The same Hebrew word for "soul" used in the Old Testament in regard to man's creation is also used for animals, but the translators of the Bible did not want to translate it as "soul" for animals because it offended them. The word "soul" in the Bible has to do with conscious life, as opposed to bios, or simply plant and vegetative life.

In the Old Testament the Hebrew word for "soul" ("nephesh") is used for both animal and man. For example, Genesis 1:21 says: "And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth ..." The words "living creature" are from the Hebrew words "nephesh chaiyah". The same Hebrew words are used in Genesis 2:7 where we read concerning the creation of man that after God had created man from the dust of the earth He then breathed into man the breath of life and man became a "living soul" ("nephesh chaiyah"). 

The definition of "soul" actually varies according to the context of Scripture. The basic meaning of "soul" in Scripture refers to the mind or conscious nature in animals and man, possessing characteristics of thought, emotion, and will. Animals are not totally controlled by instinct. Animals can learn, love, and show and receive affection. They can get depressed. Witness some pets at their owners' funerals. Yes, animals can think and even figure things out. Even if animals are used for food, they should be treated and killed as humanely as possible. They have a soul. Cruelty and torture towards animals is sin. 

The Bible teaches us to have sensitivity to animals’ feelings. We read in Deuteronomy 14:21 “Do not cook a young goat in its mother’s milk” (NIV). Deuteronomy 22:6 says, “If you come across a bird’s nest beside the road, either in a tree or on the ground, and the mother is sitting on the young or on the eggs, do not take the mother with the young” (NIV).

The Bible teaches in Genesis 1:30 that in the beginning all animals, birds, and insects subsisted on a vegetarian diet. God created a perfect world in the beginning. Suffering and death entered into the world only after man’s sin. Man’s sin not only affected mankind but everything under man’s dominion.

The soul may very well be physical but yet distinct from the rest of the body. Even if the soul is not physical it wouldn't necessarily mean that soul is immortal. Immortality must be given 

Just because man is created in the image of God does not mean that man must possess every attribute God possess or that God can communicate to man. Man was not created immortal. That's why there was a Tree of Life planted in the midst of the Garden of Eden. Because of man's fall through original sin, immortality of soul and body is given to man only through faith in the God-Man Jesus Christ Who paid the penalty for our sins through His suffering, death, and shed blood, and who bodily rose from the grave.

Scripture teaches that one day, because of Christ’s redemptive work, God will restore all of creation and there will be no violence in the animal kingdom anymore.

Visit the author's popular website, THE SCIENCE SUPPORTING CREATION

Author of the popular Internet article, TRADITIONAL DOCTRINE OF HELL EVOLVED FROM GREEK ROOTS

*The author, Babu G. Ranganathan, has his bachelor's degree with concentrations in theology and biology and has been recognized for his writings on religion and science in the 24th edition of Marquis "Who's Who in the East."
(B.A. Bible/Biology)*

HOW DOES DNA TURN A CELL INTO A PUPPY, OR A BIRD, OR A HUMAN? 

When you divide a cake, the cake never gets bigger. However, when we were just a single cell and that cell kept dividing we got bigger. New material had to come from somewhere. That new material came from food. 

The sequence of various molecules in our DNA (the genetic code) directed the molecules from our mother's food, that we received in the womb, to become new cells and eventually forming all the tissues and organs of our body. When you understand how your DNA works, you'll also understand how egg yolks can become chickens. Read my popular Internet article: HOW DID MY DNA MAKE ME? Just google the title to access the article.

This article will give you a good understanding of how DNA, as well as cloning and genetic engineering. You also learn that so-called "Junk DNA" isn't junk at all. You will learn why it is not rational to believe that DNA code could have arisen by chance. Science points (not proves, but points) to an intelligent cause for DNA code. 

Nature cannot build DNA code from scratch. It requires already existing DNA code to direct and bring about more DNA code or a genetic engineer in the laboratory using intelligent design and highly sophisticated technology to bring DNA code into existence from scratch.. Furthermore, RNA/DNA and proteins cannot "survive" or function outside of a complete and living cell. 

"JUNK" DNA ISN'T JUNK. It's we who were ignorant of its usefulness. Recent scientific research published in scientific journals such as Nature and RNA has revealed that the “non-coding” segments of DNA are essential in regulating gene expression (i.e. when, where, and how genes are expressed, so they're not "junk"). There’s also scientific evidence showing that “Junk DNA” still codes for proteins through the cell’s use of a complex “read-through” mechanism. 

Visit my newest Internet site: THE SCIENCE SUPPORTING CREATION

Author of the popular Internet article, TRADITIONAL DOCTRINE OF HELL EVOLVED FROM GREEK ROOTS

*I have given successful lectures (with question and answer period afterwards) defending creation before evolutionist science faculty and students at various colleges and universities. I've been privileged to be recognized in the 24th edition of Marquis "Who's Who in The East."
MOO SHU IS SO CUTE David Giongco
Maybe the dolphin and chimp understand that they're looking in a mirror and the dog does not. Could just be a matter of intellect as apposed to sensory awareness.
Amanda Forslöf know thyself doggies <3
Camila Zatz
Can someone please tell me what breed this dog is? He's soooo cute! ❤❤❤❤
Kristine Davies MOO SHUUUY
Moo Shu has more sense of self than I do
Alina Gill
Dora
Lane Martin
Mary Smith
Chris Lessard Ki-Sang Yi cute 😍 but also interesting 🤓
You might regret tagging me in this because I have a lot of thoughts on this. 

It's an interesting result and mixing the their own scent with an unfamiliar scent and comparing it to both their normal scent and an unfamiliar scent means that it can't be explained by a simple habituation explanation. 

But I don't think it is really a great analogy for the mirror test because while it shows that the dog seems to recognize a familiar scent and that it has been a modified. But smell is a bit more disembodied than a reflection. What is interesting about the mirror test is that you can see the animals who pass it exploring themselves in it and also increased grooming around the mark etc. You don't get this with the smell test. So it's harder to argue this is a sign of a concept of self rather than simply a recognition of familiar smells.
I think its an australian shepherd.
This video is really funny.
Pedro Afonso Paro Junior
Christian Cotter important
Suhani
Yen Leng Lee
Lindsay, some people are saying further down that it looks like a shihtzu and llasa apso mix!
Vanesa mostly tagging u for that first dogg
Natalie Shirley "He has a great sense of smell, but what about his sense of self" literally me doing my Joyce independent study 😂
Lianna Patterson Ware OH MY GOOODOODOD
Craig Dowling
UMMMM
that moo shu is so cute!
Maria Balles - you already figured this out "which one of you made this pee spot?"
Sabrina Phan Lauryn Pham Wes Yee look how cute this puppy is?
The first puppy in the video
Moo shu?
Yeah mooshu
Very cool. Of course they do.
Jenny Di
Lala is Mushu in my phone!!
Agnirudra
Yarela
Debra Cleaver
☺غالي وغالي
 <3 VipFB. Vn <3
ذهب وربي 
 <3 VipFB. Vn <3
Seetha Sankaranarayan
https://www.facebook.com/shares/view?id=1852291198134089&av=100002686507467
Hey hes going on
Excellent reporting. Keep it up.
Are men afraid of women?
Hello from Sardegna 👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻✌🏻
What's up guys
Are they wearing novelty glasses ?
Hey Nellie and Katie
Samantha Raye
Thank you for raising awareness
Ilana Sufrin
Yes Clint.  You can get off Facebook.
Bhavana Srinivas Annjana Ramesh
What is this about
🤓🤓
V ry hood clear topic thank you
Cool
Who cares what they are wearing!
Watching from Italy!
What a lot of trach
What is the subject being discussed?
Backlash to women in tech?
They're talking about sexual harassment. Now you gonna make fun of their glasses? You must be a Trump supporter her to be so rude.
No audio here. Sorry. Bye, guys.
trumps hiv joke over diana not in good taste
Sexism
Bunch o crap!!
Greetings from México city
Trach??
Two women discuss inequality while talking in monotone....zzzzzzzzzzzz
Claire, I think you'd be interested in this
Thanks for joining the conversation. We're discussing Nellie's article: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/23/technology/silicon-valley-men-backlash-gender-scandals.html?rref=collection%2Fsectioncollection%2Ftechnology&action=click&contentCollection=technology&region=rank&module=package&version=highlights&contentPlacement=2&pgtype=sectionfront&_r=0
Different angles, I love that. People get caught up on a false dichotomy of this or that.
Teri Berardi Manseau
Men are supposed to do the ugly.......why are women trying to do it too ?
Wow Clint you are a bright one
That was many years ago
Clint your a joker
If we pay women more money,. will these women shut up?
I know
Arketa Howard Danielle Stern
This is so much better on mute
New Mexico here
Interesting conversation.
I've been trying to email both of you about a book coming out soon that I'd love you to review. http://www.simonandschuster.com/books/Troublemakers/Leslie-Berlin/9781451651508
You’ll make the same if you do as good of a job
It turned out beimg so doughy.
Where are these womens' husbands?!
And then the commercials that show a dumb male being outdone by the wife.  Marketing plays both sides against the middle.
Blame the left for it
think we've evolved the long way since the days of Bobby Riggs
whats wrong with sexism?
Lewis's Law: the comments on any post about feminism will demonstrate why we need feminism.
I find old school policies are causing unfairness in my work place. What is your advice for identifying and changing policies unhealthy policies?
Jeran Fox this guy lol "Charles Goss: Where are these womens' husbands?!"
What are your experiences with the push for gender equality in tech?
Well these comments demonstrate exactly why articles like this are necessary. Sigh.
ANTHEM & FLAG: The anthem and flag of any country are the most sacred icons for which millions of people have died; it is honor, courage, sovereignty. Nobody in the world stays lying down or kneeling when they hear the national anthem of any country; all must stand in attention, with respect and solemnity because they will be honoring their martyrs and supreme values. Before anthem all citizens are equal; there are no races, no sexes, no religion, no wealth, no poverty, no occupation; no one is exempt from respect and honor. It is a political maneuver of the enemies of US values and President Trump to confuse racism and patriotism. The enemies are not resigned not to have destroyed US and continue their dirty policy of confusing the American people and the world but we are here standing up facing to the flag and Making America great Again.
Women make more money than men what's the inequality
Respectfully please stop picking on these ladies
How do you not get pigeonholed? Is that what seems to happen to women?
Leftist views
They don
How does gender equality in tech in USA compare to other countries?
What do you do when you are casually treated like a secretary?
Unconventional solutions to work place issues need to be explored
We can't let hime divide US!
You divided yourselved Suzanne
Love that these PIG men are on here trying to make noise....yawn
Ernesto Chavez.. what planet are you from?
Does anyone else feel like the feminist movement is so focused on women being equal in a male dominated world that we actually end up feeding the very machine that is ruining the planet? Meaning playing the game of incessant economic growth at the cost of the earth?
Charles Goss ... I'm not sure your school would like you representing them on your FB homepage and spouting sexist comments.
Exactly what you would expect two NYT diversity reporters to look like.
Comments are not a discussion if everyone is reaching for a bumper-sticker.
M
Unifying the workplace and working together should not be so difficult, it's changing people's attitudes and opinions that is the biggest hurdle
Don't worry about what your co-workers make. Do you. And move on. There. I solved it. But Im a man who is married to a woman...and Im white. My opinion doesn't matter.
CEOs like Ginny Remetti are successful
Woman always get the short end in any job ...
President of USA does not have respect for women and  blacks. He does not have any respect to the 🇺🇸.    I can't call him a pig any more because I have respect for 🐷
So true Angela. The uneducated men making ignorant comments on here are precisely what women are up against.
Our wonderful men and women who has served and died for our country died so we can have the freedoms that we have! Freedom of the press,  freedom of speech  and yes folks freedom to protest peacefully! So stand or kneel you both have the right!
wait i was gonna write something. but it seems that you are talking just to yourselves.
"uneducated" lol
Do you think that women CEOs have better results such as IBM?
"Uneducated" means we don't agree? Gotcha!
Brenda Marie Muldoon
I recently asked the Head of Google Research Europe at a conference in Berlin how he thinks to encourage students, especially women, at "normal, standard" public universities to dare to apply to companies from the Silicon Valley. He said they are the most open company to anyone, no matter what gender or education they had. Do you feel that is true for women from non-Ivy, big name schools in the US and also worldwide?
RonWeiss, what exactly does that mean, that they look like the way they do?
Lately, there has been some reporting and feature articles contending that women bosses are harder on women than men bosses are.  Can you speak to this, if you agree it is a legitimate issue?
Different areas of education
Oh you speak
It's always fascinating that men in STEM workplaces just don't really notice the inequality. I was in Physics, and of the women I started out with, only one or two are still in the field (not including me, though I stay in touch). Their reasons for leaving are varied, but most are some form of sexism in the workplace - hostility to parenthood in ways which don't affect fathers, harassment, the constant wearing of always having to convince people that they do actually know what they're talking about and didn't sleep their way in. The men who left were mainly either no longer interested or wanted more money. But the men from those workplaces would all say there wasn't an issue with sexism.
Hi
@Charles Goss - not that it doesn't matter,  but others' opinions aren't getting heard or considered
Morning Glory hole
Hi, from The Netherlands
Men are upset that the truth about gender differences is being suppressed and labelled sexism (such as the Google engineer's thoughts are, even though he was just saying what we already know to be true).

Are you prepared to call out the discriminatory nature of diversity policies, and to defend the fact that women have different spectrum of preferences than men, and defend the Google engineer? If not, you can never be very good reporters.
Oh you
Charles Goss Matters
Haha.....he sure does. Charles needs to pay attention to Charles.
Glad you caught that comment
As an african-american woman with two degrees in Engineering from Stanford University, I am shocked at how hard it is to find a direct, technical job in the industry.
My wife makes more money than me and works from home. But, she doesn't work in tech. I'm not outraged. I love it.
Some men feel vulnerable so the only way to react is by stereotyping and are actively opposed to women presence.
Yes, over 40 years and I'm still fighting for equal pay
Were they employed in the position longer? And knowing that were the men still mad?
Agreed; not with that attitude 🤷‍♀️
Women make more money than men chics
men are clever. they first start the complaint.  if women begin harassing first it will block the 'man' looking for attention.
No silence here, I have a big mouth
Great
It's also really common for people to think 'this woman is bad at her job, women can't do this job', where they also think 'this man can't do this job, *he* is bad at his job'.
Kilele Foundation Kenya we are watching live in Kenya
The parts of the world that truly need feminism are in the middle east. Meanwhile in these first world countries we live in...alot of women are making good money and I know alot of them who move up in businesses alot faster than men......
The companies force silence of how much you are paid
Many factors should go into a person's salary other than just they do the same job. Such as how long have you been in the job what are your job performance ratings comma Etc
You're right, we are not imagining anything.
LOVE YOU NELLIE
I highly value intelligent women. I have had female supervisors my entire career.  They got there by being better, not complaining
"Goohgy"??  :)
I'm so very tired of being overworked and underpaid while men stand around smiling at me breaking my back for much less than they are paid to smile at me with their hands in their pockets.
It's much more simple than you all try and make it seem. There is a "gender inequality" in tech because there is a "gender inequality" in genders that major in computer science statistics and computer networking and telecommunications degrees. If there were more women majoring in computer technical degrees than men, and there was still a disparity, then maybe this would be a conversation you would want to have. However, the majority of people getting those degrees are in fact men and therefore deserve those jobs.
https://nces.ed.gov/programs/digest/d16/tables/dt16_322.40.asp?current=yes
Did you ever research any female inventors who produced amazing tech and could not get funding because of a gender bias? And based off the complaints what factors do you weigh in?
https://nces.ed.gov/programs/digest/d16/tables/dt16_322.50.asp?current=yes
I've worked harder all my life than the vast majority of my male co workers, yet they have the higher wages. I complain plenty
KB ⭐️ Supertahhhhh xo
Exactly
Why are principles of capitalism not solving the problem of unequal pay? A sexist company will not be able to compete against non-sexist companies who hire better skilled workers and push them of the market?
Rachel Wimberly, I graduated a long time ago, sweetie. I don't think my school cares what I do.
That's how I'm treated when I complain about it
The numbers don't lie. You can't try to compare 73,000 men getting those degrees to 18,000 women and then try and complain. I put links in the comments for reference. They come straight from the national center for education statistics.
I worked in software for 20 years.  I never saw a more tolerant and accepting bunch of co-workers.  Get the work done, no one cared what you looked like or did.  And believe me, software has some real characters from all backgrounds.
In my experiences, admittedly limited to a rather rough and tumble business, I noted a difference in perception based upon the race and ethnicity of the woman. There seemed to be a hierarchy of preconceived abilities based upon, top to bottom, Asian women (as in "Oriental"), Asian women (as in Indian), White women, Hispanic women, then Black women. Physical appearance could also be an issue. Attractive was a positive virtue, while both too attractive and too unattractive were problematical (I recognise beauty is in the eye of the beholder). I found sexual preference to be an irrelevant factor. Were my experiences within the range of your observations?
Glad to see all the mansplaining.
Sometimes I believe the girlfriend of my son is studying informatics that if the principles of the operation of the machine women simply explained that the resulting product is significantly better. How does a CPU work? Imagine that the values ​​0 and 1 are switching states of a relay. The art of the architecture of a CPU is to display frequently used processes (command sets) linearly and, on the other hand, to represent any subsequent switching states with the smallest possible number of relays. In order to process simultaneous processes simultaneously, it usually requires the result of a process, which is the basis of the possibilities of variation. For example: The USA have a size of xxxx squaremiles. At the same time, one can then determine the percentage share of all federal states. :-)
It's a societal issue, not a tech issue. The larger question, for me, is how do women take back their power as equal members of society and what will it take for men to allow that.
Let's not forget all the sexual harassment, I've gotten plenty of that as well
This administration is useless
No thanks. Not interested in any liberal and biased media. Bye bye #
Well if it applies to Silicon Valley how is it not a tech issue?
Men want to keep the power they always had over women.
Why are principles of capitalism not solving the problem of unequal pay? A sexist company will not be able to compete against non-sexist companies who hire better skilled workers and push them of the market?
when a man is a baby he is depenting on his mother...it is an enormous female power...without her he dies...later when the man is grown up, he wants to be indepentend of the female, I believe this is still in the subconsciousness
This is just blatant bias. Why is there only feminist uproar about high paying jobs?
Thanks ladies
Ridicule Never wins arguments it isn't intelligent either? Personally the Strongest people in my life were my mother, Wife and Daughters and the people holding my Wife back in her job are other women?
Thanks y'all - great conversation.
Men rights?  What BS!  More like keep white men n power.  Continue the status quo.
LOL Susan
Anyone here actually work in high tech or software?
UN is blind,
Can't find the truth.
Bingalis (Themselves called Rohingya) are terrorists.
They're from Bingladish entering into Myanmar since last 60 years ago cause no guards (over 60 years) on border of Myanmar and Bingladish.
They killed and rapped the Myanmar villagers and Hindu women.
Why UN can't see that?
It's something that lives across every sector of tech...
30% of high tech is Asian, yet the reporters are still talking about racism.  Anyone want to tell me how an industry that employs 30% Asians is racist?  Are these Asians themselves racist? Do Asian men dislike women?
Things are getting better globally.  Saudi Arabia just announced they are going to allow women to get drivers licenses next year.  There is hope.
I remember being thrilled to find an occasional woman in my physics or math or chemistry courses  (60's)  and after 6 years of grad school spent almost halftime at the computer center, I can't remember one actually working on anything at the center.
The men's movement is a response to women rights being championed so effectively that the story of what is means to be a man isn't acknowledged, or is downplayed. Even men who are progressive and allies to equality are left without an appreciated identity. It seems like equality is focused on women, and men are left in the blindspot of women who champion equality.
I am also shocked to hear that,also from other sources...it s totally anachronic in a developed society like America should be! The Trump rethoric maybe...
The environment in technology is not far from what happened/happens in corporate America and in banking.  Although there were strides made in those cultures - when 2008 hit it was every man (literally) for himself and it reverted to a biased culture yet again.
Off in tangents on the comment shere
Cool topic keep em coming
Yeah dude! Because demonizing the other side and calling people pigs is a great way to win arguments and get your point across! There are idiots of every gender, race, religion, etc. By acknowledging them you're just giving them what they want.
So your liberal nirvana isn't as great as you thought it would be.  Too bad you can't loot a store or hold a sign against traffic, maybe usurp someone's free speech or whine loud enough to get what you want.  I hear many blue collar mechanical type jobs are screaming for workers.  I doubt they'll be picky but even there you'll need to be competent.
Oooo. Thx
Women in Latin America  are not told it'is ok to study STEM despite some of us are a natural. 
So it's rare to find women doing STEM graduations. And then it's very challenging to hire a women in tech areas!!
we are watching here in Solano Nueva Vizcaya Philippines
Yeah....'dude'? Are you a woman Nick? Cuz I am. Also, calling them anything less than what they are is dishonest. They are not on here trying to understand women, they are here to heckle and berate women so let's not pretend it's anything more than that.
Here in Columbus Ohio, there's a training program called "Coding Bootcamp" for women and POC.
Guys. Bunch of new cheaper stuffs are in here for men's and women's. Let's take a look https://m.ebay.com/sch/i.html?sid=dollarnaire&_pgn=1&isRefine=true
So why aren't the NYT and these imbecile journalists as sympathetic with the Ku Klux Klan and white supremacists as they are with the men's movement and these poor guys who are victims of hysterical feminist rampages in Silicon Valley? I mean, seriously. NYT: my subscription is over. You suck.
Tzvia Iljon
Every field is sexist. Misogyny is rampant in America. Compare pay stubs and promotion list standing.
Are we talking technical coders? That seems to be male heavy, but all of the other roles, in my experience, are either equitable or female dominated.
Charles Gross-  Or maybe your opinion isn't useful because its poorly thought out?  Assuming your position in a hypothetical - if all men are paid 100% more than women for the same role...the solution is for women not ask the men how much they're making and "do you"?  Wow, you must be like a rhetorician or some kind of rocket scientist.  But sure, you're a victim because you're white and not because of your lack of critical thinking skills.
What type of feminism? Old school feminism or modern SJW feminism? We need the old type, not the new type. I take issue with Lewis's Law. It's logically flawed, bogus and close-minded. Lewis's Law is the perfect example of a self-fulfilling prophecy. But hey, the promotion of Lewi's Law is spoken like a true feminazi.
Amen!
That's flawed reasoning! I don't see any comments here saying men are better than women. Are you an SJW?
I think you're the only one who thinks that. I certainly don't make negative generalizations about women. Women can do all the same jobs men can. I think most people now in 2017 can see that. It seems the SJW's are inventing these mantras you just quoted and putting them in everyone else's mouths.
Pig men? We're on here calling out the feminazi's tendencies to invent injustices. My wife is 100% against you SJWs' rhetoric and constantly playing the victim card, as well as most women I know. This isn't a men vs. women issue. This is a level-headed men AND women vs. idiot feminazis issue. Not a single female I know has complained about any sexism against them. You know why? Because it's 2017 and women these days are generally treated as equal as men are. It's you SJW people creating and perpetuating a perceived inequality. I know of many women in high tech positions making just as much, if not more than men. Calling men pigs only hurts your cause, because I see men and women as equals in our society. Get your head checked, Leah.
Colin, you may be late to your women's studies class. Grab your man purse and get to it. The only reason the imaginary wage gap exists is because millennial, hipster women created an issue to have some fake civil rights movement to tweet about. You want a well rounded argument....im here.
Really? It's so common that it became an XKCD comic. 

It's almost like there's a whole world of experience out there that you don't have.

https://xkcd.com/385/
So are these cases of sexism they're talking about, genuine? Or are they made-up, invented injustices created by SJWs? I have to seriously question any claim of sexism in this day and age because of the tendencies of modern SJW feminism to falsely perceive and then create imaginary injustices, all while demonizing all men. Modern feminism has a horrible reputation. Feminism as it was originally established, was a great thing and helped women break through the glass ceiling and get the same respect and treatment as men. But now we have a generational group of snowflakes called SJW's, that took the original form of feminism beyond the scope of its intended parameters, and are using that to try and put women on a pedestal ABOVE men and using that as a WEAPON against men, and inventing imagined injustices to suit their agenda. The pioneers of feminism from back in the 60's are absolutely disgusted at what modern SJW feminazis are doing today in 2017.
How about ageism? Just as prevalent in the Valley.
Exhibit A.
How is a reporter assigned to an "inequality" beat? That hardly is reflective of objective journalism.
Aren't female infants dependent on their mothers to the same degree as men?
That would not happen in California, or did it!
Oh this will be inspiring!
Yeah....I am the one that needs to get my head checked by the person spewing the term 'feminazi'? You who are using your wife as the one person you know who doesn't think she is unfairly paid. The only one playing the victim card is you.
Charles Goss hmm.... Super awesome guy? First you say there is no wage gap but now there is a wage gap created by hipster women?  Also, your well rounded argument falls apart when you attack another person with your sexist man purse remark.
Until the flag represents EVERY American and that racist, ignorant, xenophobic, homophobic, child-raping tyrant is out of office, America cannot achieve greatness.
Darn, those guys sound a lot like some of my old managers!! :)  What's their secret, I wonder?
Math???  Forget math, what about driving? 🤪 </sarcasm>
(Sorry, Fiona, just couldn't resist, why, with @Bad Drivers of Napa Valley on the thread...)
Anyway, kidding aside, the "woman driver" perception probably has a LOT in common with the "woman coworker" perception, on the very competitive highway to status and salaries.  Sigh...
Only secret I see them needing is to be male. Women are not paid equal pay, not as long as I've been alive, not ever. No secret there.
I'm from hi so equality should b nice here in the melting pot
yes....but the amount of testosteron is different...I suppose in the subconsciousness a male is more oriented towards independence... but it is only a hypothesis...I am not a Dr. in Psychology 😅
Disparities in representation between the sexes does not necessarily amount to employer discrimination. Numbers collected at the employer's place of business do not reflect simply the employer's policies; they reflect other relevant factors like individual choice and other underlying conditions in the larger society.
Almost nowhere in human affairs do you find people of different backgrounds evenly represented in institutions. Inequality is the rule, not the exception. One of the most pervasive assumptions that has gained so much momentum in the discourse is the idea that groups would be evenly represented if not for certain institutional policies. The world "has never been a level playing field." as economist David S. Landes expressed it. Renowned historian Fernand Braudel said, “In no society have all regions and all parts of the population developed equally.” Human beings are not random events. We all have histories and different values and aspirations emerge from those histories. If you look at free, democratic societies throughout the world where institutional barriers and discriminatory policies have been removed, you find that men and women, even of a similar description, pursue radically different careers and aspirations.
Cuba? 😂
I was raised by a strong woman and she doesn't ask men for permission to "take her power back." She doesn't even mention men in her pursuit of progress, she simply moves forward. I'd be somewhat embarrassed to say, "us men need to take back our power in society, if women will allow it." This world doesn't work that way, no stranger cares enough about you to try and thwart you because you're a woman. If you're failing it's likely your own issue.
Ur idiots.  Make ur own startups.
Apply with us, we're hiring! Varo Money.
Thanks for the laugh Talford - spot-on parody!
Thanks for the laugh Talford - spot-on parody!
Sounds like privileged mansplaining, which is exactly what we're talking about here..
Your an idiot
Good point. We need to value everyone and support their positions in life. It's not an easy journey. "Love one another...."
Nellie Bowles misrepresents Damore in her article for the Times. I'm guessing that this is what "equality" means -- equal opportunity Straw Men?
The "logic" behind lewis's law is why there are fewer women in tech;)
Every last bit of power women have in society was granted by men without much of a fight at all. Men died by the million for the vote in many countries.  The societal issue is entitlement, and the corrosive effects which wear down the wealth and good will which allowed men to humor women to this degree.  We are at the point where we would rather people burn to death in burning buildings than hurt the feelings of women demanding to be firefighters, unable to meet the same standards as men.   Women already have the power, the only question is whether they become equally accountable, because power without accountability results in tyranny, as people have come to realize, and there are consequences for this.  Either women shape up, or they drag their societies down to the point where men from other cultures do it for them, as is happening in europe as we speak.
Congenital Koenig I'm not going to argue with you, you seem firmly planted in your beliefs. We have different experiences and therefore different opinions.
This is the constant refrain, yet the reality is a different story.   There is a reason women don't start companies, banking on their extra hard work and cost advantages to win the day.  The reality is in most cases, women are expensive, and don't work as hard in the end because they don't need to.  At the end of  the day, many women have the option of not working, or working less, men have to work, or face divorce, this is the reality which runs the world, and it is the reality created by the whims of women, not men.
Simply look at the ever present doctors shortage in the uk's nhs, because all those women they train work for a few years, then drop out of the work force to be a parent.  A very expensive mrs degree, and the costs are born by society, this is the reality which doesn't fit the feminist narrative, but that goes for basically everything.
Studies show women self report higher rates of most everything, including how hard they work, but the hours worked based on the actual numbers shows the reality, and it doesn't fit the feminist agenda, men work more, because they have to, it shouldn't be a surprise.
Congenital Koenig where I come from, it's been a very long time since a women have had the luxury of staying home. There was a time when jobs paid enough to men so mom was able to stay home to take care of the kids and stuff at home, but those days are long gone.
I was a single parent who worked and had my own business where I was working 7 days a week, along with caring for my child and home, but when all the years I've worked for others, including today, I have always been paid less than the men and almost always worked much harder.
After working my butt off all my life trying to find some equal opportunity, please don't insult me by calling me expensive.
The reality where I come from is far from the picture you paint. Women are the ones who do most of the work in my world and are paid less for it.
We also don't have the luxury to just stay home to take care of our kids.
Congenital Koenig you obviously don't come from the same place I do. Where I come from, women do most of the work for less pay than the men.
Lets just say you aren't the h1b's of the tech industry.  The theory that you are a bargain that no one wants is simply the ultimate in extraordinary claims, and extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof.   Again, and as always, the challenge stands, if women are a hard working bargain, start companies filled with nothing but women, the competitive advantage would be a game change (if true), but we all know the answer why this doesn't happen.
Though its true its becoming rarer, the option still stands.  Tech work is hardly blue collar, and the tier of white collar work in question does pay enough for one to support another, assuming they don't live an extravagant life style.  Don't tell me a couple can't live on a male engineer's salary.  
You were a single parent, you could not work as many hours or as intensively as those you competed with, this goes against the assertion that you were indistinguishable from your coworkers.  This is your self reporting, the question would simply be, why didn't you find alternative employment demanding a salary commensurate with your expectations, or is your self assessment simply not based on market reality.  You are worth what the employer is willing to pay, not what you expect, you had equal opportunity, but if multiple employers all judge your value to be less, its hard to claim they were all wrong.
Its not about how hard you work, its about how much value you provide your employer.  And again, a simple thought experiment simply destroys the assertion that women work harder and are also a bargain, because any business which exploited this supposed "fact" would simply trample on all its competitors by  a wide margin.  There is a reason why feminists agitate based on grievance and guilt rather than exploiting their claimed advantages for their own gain, they know what they are claiming isn't true, they aren't willing to put money where their mouths are.
Glad you did this-- I was so upset we were not able to comment on the original article.
Eric Nakajimawhen did u become a girl and do nyt
watch the vid. coz women have it better off in life!
Get used to and over with it, many tectonic plates meet there. The drill should become automatic, boring.
we love mexico
i love mexico
Solangel Garcia
#VivaMéxico #FuerzaMéxico it was sad what happened last week, and the people getting together gives everyone so much strength. I’m proud of my heritage.
❤ it's time to continue my mom's plan.
Thats cold... I agree with drills but peoples lives are completely destroyed. Have some compassion
Michelle Buttars Your feelings are in need of catastrophes.
#ISTANDWITHMEXICANS
Those plates haven't moved the way they did in years. It's like telling Florida to get used to devastating Hurricanes , or telling Europe to get used to terrorist attacks.
Get used to losing a family member?? Get used to losing everything you have? What the hell are you talking about?
Rebuild it earthquake-safe I hope.
Mary Carmen Sessions prevention
¡Unión y fuerza, amigo!
💔
Mexico may break 3 times but will rebuild 4 times. ❤️ the unity and the automatic response to help each other to become one nation, one people is an example to others that together, one is stronger.  #FuerzaMexico
So sad 😔.
Anth Tab unión y fuerza por siempre, que Dios te bendiga amigo!!!
Funny. Their god has just smashed bricks on their babies' heads, and they still thank him..   lol..
.
in the face of adversity, the strength of the people is admirable~
I hope these people stop thinking God has anything to do with this and use education to stop building above one story in EQ zones.
There's only one way to get up this country and is Peña Nieto renouncing
https://www.facebook.com/BarcroftTV/videos/1671716836174622/?hc_ref=ARTy6CCHCzuZqMFPUny4BIjD_I0x9bwgntYuk_8DF0WyQ0eKseao1AQbs2DZlobei9A&pnref=story
New York Times
Please report how their local government is stealing all the donations collected for the victims, please they need help!
Hahaha! Yeah you right... but, it's a fuel called FAITH, and it keeps you going in adversity. It's a human thing for humans.......!!
Let's go help them... 🙏🏽🙏🏽 Marcos Rodriguez..
We're with you Mexico- we support you!!! 🙏🏽💓
🙏🏽🙏🏽
Rudolph Paredes Sr. ...  It's superstitious support for people who feel inadequate.  Thank god I am not one of them (lol). The practice is hijacked by tithing  'men of god' from Tibet to Alabama in order to gain everything from bowls of rice to shiny suits and  Lear jets...
My state 😭
Let's hope trumputinski lets you back in...
You can give through www.globalgiving.org a 4-star rated charity in Charity Navigator
My thoughts and prayers are with these people. 💔🇲🇽🙏
Who is John burns?
Where is jayson Blair?
Why is Roberta smith talking about redcoma productions?
Who is juddith miller?

Why is April glaspie reading roadshow and walk this way?
These people are so strong and courageous.  Their contributions to this country has benefited us in many ways and yet we look down on them.  We should admire them and help out if we can.
Roadshow 
Let’s ride
Zen and the art of motorcycle
Man in the high castle
Motorcycle
Xena and kala are at the $oho trump
❤️
Alan Hill .... to each his own... and the world goes 'round......!! (Question!, why you thank "GOD" in your comment???...!)
Rudolph Paredes Sr. ..you aren't very good on irony are you ?  You think it's like coppery or aluminy  or steely ....lol ...
Friends:
My master partner Luis Márquez one of the Topos Tlaltelolco is enabling a hostel in the fut soccer courts of Jojutla where there are 60 families sleeping under plastics. They need 60 camping houses with a capacity of 6 to 8 people to enable that space and put one family at home so that they have a better quality of life while defining where they will live. We appreciate your contacts to get them or if you as a family want to donate one for a family I assure you that I will deliver them to those who should arrive and send them pictures of their destination and their use with transparency as always or if you want to take them. Force Mexico! Thank you
Descobri por acaso a igreja em uma reportagem do New York Post, nela vemos a pilha de escombros e a placa com nome do igreja que resistiu aos abalos. Na placa branca está escrito em azul " Ebenezer".
Da mesma forma, eu tenho sofrido com uns abalos que vem do fundo do meu ser. Me sinto depressivo e angustiado. Muito. Não sinto fome, sono e não  tenho força para ir trabalhar , o que,  me desespera. Mas de alguma forma me levantei da cama hoje e umas primeiras coisas que vi foi a igrejinha destruída no centro do México.

A placa em pé em meio a destruição de alguma forma me animou. Sempre que vejo Ebenezer sinto que é um mensagem de esperança para mim, que não estou sozinho. Assim como os mexicanos não estão.
Simon Harris
#FuerzaMéxico
You can help through https://donate.omaze.com/mexico . This is a reliable platform, please donate! ❤️
I love Mexico and her people...they are strong and kind and determined...Arriba Mexico
Jessica Estrella Priego Rosalba Priego
I was in the Coruco Diaz Stadium were the aid its being gathered. The situation is a bit more complex than the government stealing aid.
But if you want to be certain that the aid gets to the people in Morelos send it to that location.
Alan Hill Im an atheist. But i agree with Rudolph. Their faith is what gives them some sort of solace.
God help our Mexicans brothers and sisters
Which "we" do you refer to?
Cynthia Galvan
Raquel mira
Gaspar Gutierrez ..Its a quandry..should we say that solace is so valuable to these simple souls that we should leave them in their ignorance as it's cheaper than antidepressants, or should we say it's our duty to save them from shiny suited  televangelists with lear jets, and paedophile priests. I lean towards the latter though it does mean filling their vacant logic cells with something else. Non-belief is the fastest growing of the 'religions' so we are making progress..
Ay que feo 😩😭❤️
Maybe you should give the same advise to those people on Florida, NO, TX, & Georgia who keep building on huracán path zones
Mira Alejandra Catalán
Alan Hill, you are totally right! Now, go save them!
Angela Craft ..I would Angy, but I never take advice from blank profiles in case they are ruski troll bots..... anyway what's the point of saving their firstborn if they intend  to cut their throats to please god ?
Llore 😞
Roberto Jaimez ya hasta en el New York Times :/
Agrzz Lothbrok Lety Yanet Aragon
Ya son famosooooos
Eduardo Hernández Samaniego
I know i live in zacatepec and it's a very complicated situation
Please help ... #FuerzaMorelos !! 🇲🇽🙏❤️😔
Lizzy OliCa
Mily Aguilar Yeimi Aguilar Isabel Hernandez
gofundme.com/mother-niece-earthqauke-victims.. Rest in Peace my dear Mother and lovely niece 😢😢👼👼😢😢
Is so obvius
Very topical alway trying to be smarter
Get used to get insult
Juan Baez work!
And yours teaching you insensibility and sarcasm
Juan Baez   you need it Juan  ..you are brainwashed and unreachable..


Mariana Salgado
La gracias de Dios padre hijo y Espíritu Santo estén con los más necesitados
Gracias amiga, por compartir bendiciones a ti y a tu familia, y sí como dice mi hermana Griselda Contreras Hernandez estamos de  pie, y con la ayuda de Dios, seguiremos adelante y no nos abandona,,y muchas gracias a todos por su apoyo a toda la gente de afuera y vecinos, DLB siempre Edith Azalia Barcenas Montes

Nos levantaremos!!! #FuerzaMexixo
You're an idiot.
God bless all Mexico! Peace
Estela Reyes
Dios. Nos Bendice hermanos mios. Dios con nosotros.!!!
I'm gonna go home and cry ...😁
I used to live in CA, right on the San Andreas fault. I've seen catastrophes... believe me! My heart/feelings haven't changed.
Roy Barcenas
Jacob Lawrence
Josefina Calderon Alfredo Olivares Calderón
Marely Duran
Read: https://www.facebook.com/nytimes/posts/10151313411139999
After the storm comes calm, we will rebuild our country, we will go ahead and we will do a change in our country, Thank you so much for your bless. #FuerzaMexico
Zayda Ortiz
Ana Cortes
Stephanie A Zoidis Andrew Michael Berra 😞😞
M A Lopez Vargas
This place isn't supposed to be an earthquake zone, at least not one where an epicenter can happen, it had never happened before, it was one of a kind... So they will rebuild where they used to live, it's their home...

Craig Washington
I am leaving the link in case someone wants to donate and help my people. God bless you all 🇲🇽 
https://www.gofundme.com/lovearmymexico
Instead of just acusing people of being stupid, you should tell them that an earthquake of this magnitude in this place has no precedent. This town has never been an earthquake epicenter in it's whole story. So it's hard to think that we should "just relocate". It's not that easy
David Favela
WOW! Did you notice the meaning of their words?. Such strong people and they are really poor in a way but rich in other. Sending my blessings. Yes, the Gov is stealing what people sent to people so the Gov can claim it was their help, when the time comes to give them that help during elections. it's really awful what the gov is doing.
Mexico will rebuild
#Myhomwtown #Mybirthdplace #foreverinmyheart #jojutlamorelos
Matthew Luis Diego, New York times yo.
Cdmlbxtbmdbs
Come to Canada!
Mchina fiha abnti zanouba. Zineb Zosa
Barbara Bahena Benitez
I live about 35 minuts from jojutla.... I still remember that Day.... There is not words to explaind the feelings...
Thank you ...!!!
Natalia Chan I guess you didn't see the articles about how this place is built on the worst possible ground for enduring an earthquake.Lightening DOES strike twice; unless you've got *super*natural connections,you don't ignore Mother Nature.
God  bless  and  help  Mexician people. I pray.
I live in jojutla,Morelos in the hearth of the city and its horrible see all of this :(
Ach hada?
You're talking about Mexico city, I live close to Jojutla in the same state so I know what I'm talking about, but yeah, you never know with Mother Nature....
Amairani Stefanoni
Brandon Indira
Se rifaron, hubieran ido a la Zapata carnal!
😢😢😢
#SomosMexico #FuerzaMexico
Akee Méndez
Indira Salgado New York Times published this, enséñale a Maurizio
Que triste..mi tia..mi amiga gris!!!....saldremos adelante mami...costara muuucho pero lo haremos si dios nos lo permite..
Josi
Primeramente dios abrirá sus caminos para volverse a levantar a toda la gente afectada BarbaraBahenaBenitez  T QM
Barbara Bahena Benitez 
Así será amiga , así será 🙏🏻
Agustín Dominguez
Soy de Jojutla 👍 Thankis
Alicia Valdeolivar Soriano  yo soy de Cuernavaca, me crie en temixco y en yautepec saludos. ❤️
Gracias a Dios 😭🙏 saludos.. Rovert Rosales
Lizbeth Hernandez viste este reportaje?!😣😿
Gloria reconoces a alguien
Si jajaja tu amiguis
jajajaja
Gwen Dominu Kenia Dominguez
Mi tía Hilda😞
No lo abia mirado que triste 😢
Lo hicieron en estados unidos 😫
Mauricio Guerrero 😕
🇲🇽 💪🏽
Like the lady said we are mexico and we'll pick ourselves up the people that live in jojutla are the strongest things happen for a reason
And the governor of Morelos's State where this town is located was stealing all the support and donations (meals, food, water, clothes, etc.) made by citizens. Federal and State governments didn't help :(
Jorge Armando Flores
Fernando Pulido
For us, for our town, there's only forward.
No seremos víctimas, sino sobresalientes.
I don't care for religion either, however it's how our town has functioned, many will pray, yet help with their hands. As a matter of fact, many of the groups right now in Jojutla that are helping are led by science professors, that happen to be Heavy Metal musicians. We just don't have time to argue over these things. To us this is a distraction, a straw man if you may.
Lamperouge Peter 😥😢
That is it. Life goes on.
Thanks but  your coment   is useless  I live in Jojutla.
Ruth Barreto

I live here in jojutla and its realy sad
Ralf Barrett Fields
God bless everyone SO SAD
😭
Animo paisanos ! Estamos con ustedes! Todo México unidos
Hey guys I'm from zacatepec morelos a town a few minutes away from jojutla and I've started a go fund me account to help buy building materials for all the people affected please help me help my home town https://www.gofundme.com/rebuilding-morelos
Kenia Dominguez...
Plus they shut down the shelters... it is very sad
Yair Cano
Miki Garcia
Chevy Woods. Yonah Rae
Jonathan Levine
Brandon
Lindsey Burghardt
Clara Buenconsejo naalala kita! And speaking of, di ko pa narereturn yung lego mo!
Nicholai Ronningen
Geoffrey Gigliotti
Michael Emlano check this out!
Josh
So cool! Wendy Bernal
Cam DuRieu
Mario Rosemberg
Andrew Owens
Aaron, Gary, Dakota, Sharon and Robin.  This is so cool.
Step inside, but be careful to not step on any Legos ;)
Sar Bee Toh !!!
They took err jerbs!
Bram Groenteman Job Knobbout
To Dan Jacobsohn
Ryan show this to the kids...
Colleen Flaherty let's go to Denmark!
Stephen Chow
Andrea 😳
im in!
should we go Amy Sigurdson Claire Chapman Craig Gilchrist Brad Schnurr
Jessica Davis Babanats
Rachelle Tunik
Mathias Bercht
Jodi Murphy
.
Roslyn Haikin
Nancee Parlee Polley
Cool when r u taking us to Denmark?
Marinus
The only thing worse than stepping on a lego is stepping on a jacks.... :)
karar
And at some point, every single one of them ends up on the floor.
Tyler Pearce
👍👍👍👍❤🇩🇪
Let's go
edith hicks
Shelby Snyder Kavanaugh
Casey McEttrick
Evan McClure
Nico
Gilbert Povidaiko
Where are the men's?
Patricia een Legofabriek, dat moeten de boys even zien 😎
Danh Nguyen
Jan Kannegaard
Thomas Callier
https://www.facebook.com/BarcroftTV/videos/1671716836174622/?hc_ref=ARTy6CCHCzuZqMFPUny4BIjD_I0x9bwgntYuk_8DF0WyQ0eKseao1AQbs2DZlobei9A&pnref=story
Yes, but does the world need 1,300 more legos every second? Methinks not.
Will
Jiří Budinský
Rachel Budd show NOLAN
Lila Tenenbown it IS so cool. I was in awe at the factory!! I feel very honored 😊
Nitsan Briskin
Vinícius Guimarães
100%. November 4 can't come soon enough.
Jennifer Winter
Mrika
Bobby Goldman
Andy, mira enano!!
Kristin Carlson Klug
John Rossi, Jose Agostino
Vera Hammond I know two boys that would love to go visit here.
I'm dead😂
Mike Vincent
Cool
Casey Thomas
Barbara Schiano Serro

Ahi quiero ir Solcito!!!😉
Wow have to show AJ
Barbara Schiano Serro yes!
Eilis Forrester
Sarah Mccarthy
Sam Wilcoxon we will move back
Marcus Karunananthan
Tammy Gilmore for the boys x
Thomas Ramge schau mal für M.
Kip Stahlecker
Gaaf hè!
Matt Davis Ryan Donald Willis
Michael Kane
Please make them biodegradable.
Matt Piekarski
Julia Beth Royall-Green Radix Zee - to show Nathan!
Sara Hagenbuch Gunasekara!!!!1
Jasper Doornbos
Erin Carlson
I will be impressed if you tell me how this plastic is recycled otherwise it is a trash in disguise.
Gita Rai Stiritz
Teryn H
Theodora 😍
Bruno Pacheco Alexandro Pizza
give me some of these pieces please
Sarah Richardson we need to go to Denmark.
Jordan Stack
Jay Posklensky 1350 pieces per second!!
Michael Darroch
Lego bricks can be recycled generation to generation!  My daughter played with my husband's...they are still in perfect shape to be handed down again and again!  Why would anyone throw them away??
Erika Berkey Sunday previews 🙌🏼
Help PUERTO RICO trying to reach out to people by posting on comments to spread the word to as many as possible, feel free to share please... several go fund me accounts available to donate choose one donate and help today also on fundly .com are some donation funds, research, choose & donate today. "Yo soy boricua pa que tu lo sepas" THANK YOU https://www.gofundme.com/puerto-rico-rebuild-borinquen
Lindsay Pierce
Ruben
Duuuuuuude.
Harris Azhar Samad
Lala Lynn
Vir Singh i love legos part 194830
My demos will be in Hazlet, but I would like to go to Denmark lol!
Lala Lynn  you'll be very prepared for them!  Lol
Robots taking over.
Cara Gerhardt for Gabe!
Adam
Matthew
Yahel Roth
What a company!  Fantastic products and even at my age, a lot of fun.
Leslie S Day
plastic kills
Meghan Butt
Alana Emmer
They're trained foot sole assassins. I have no sympathy for them.
Yeah  . . . .too much plastic!
Charles Lee
Ceida Polezel
Karla Stark Karina Francis show the kids.
Sam Davis
I've seen this. I will show it to them.
Dominik Hoss
Marc Bonn
Saran Raksincharoensak 😍🇩🇰
Fascinating.
Jon Palms
Lucinha Helena
Ngo Pei Ching
Thakshan Rasanayagam
Nick Staddon
Lol. Don’t use the words “step” and “lego” in the same sentence. Hurts my feet.
Crystal Daspit Show this to your crew!
We love it but it's still Plastic 😞
Cool.
James Joseph Nelson Katie H Nelson show the boys
Brett Whittingham and Shaun Kingma
Akash Gautam
haaattttt
kya sahi h
There's no money in that.
Shirin Pagels Kathy Kelm
But there is. People would have to buy even more enentually!
Duncan Jones you have to make the pilgrimage
Natalie Petersen Brandy Gibson 
Share with Sky and Bray and Matt
We went there in the summer.
Not if you keep them for life, or pass them on to your children, or donate them to a charity shop, or give them away to nurseries and play groups in your community. No need to throw them away. Re-use is as important as recycle.
Isabela M Rodrigues, Eduardo Braga, André Cipriani Bandarra
https://www.facebook.com/LegoLostAtSea/posts/1468236129937476
Sandeep Saujani
Ryan Blaszczak Amy Tram Ian Rozansky Natalie Revord
Houssam Barakat
Josh Grasso
Joe Massey
How does this helps to make the world a greener place?
Tanya
Laura Pedersen
My childhood
I've been to Legoland Billund
Colleen Fisher Stoll Erin Fisher Murray I think Chance and Keean would enjoy this.
No way!
Nur Şensoy
Using 100 tons of plastic a day? Well done, your contribution to the destruction of our planet is noted.
Let's do the Sweden/ Denmark trip there! https://www.backroads.com/trips/BDSIF/sweden-denmark-family-bike-tours#reviews
Susan Stiritz
Dqniel Bqrtlett
Wellie Teh
Teh Wei Yunn
we don't need any more plastic parts
Seth Tichenor... let's go to Denmark!!!
Can we actuallyy though? I feel like we're all talk
No let's do it! I've been there once but would love to go back!! Apparently its the happiest country
Chani Page Cochrane, has Boston seen this?
Wait, these plastic toys aren't made in China?
No!!! How cool is that I'll show him in the morning
deal! I've been to Coppenhagen once but it was only for a few hours during a layover
Fionn Tuapola show Tadhg
Michael Tuite this is so cool!
Damian Flores
Max Ggn
Cal Barash-David
wanna go ?
Cal Barash-David yes!!!!!
yes!!!
Shelly Luke Wille, spring break in Denmark?
Una fábrica con sentido práctico de la lógica mezclada con el juego. Bien por ellos. Lego es Lego.
Grant
Payel Bijaya Chatterjee show this video to Rik
On va t'en acheter 😜
Ok. Dekhabo.
et si je déménage là-bas, ce sera plus simple 😂
Bryan Bollinger
Impressive automation and surprisingly high temperature thermoplastic!
Kaley Anne take a look.
:O Dreamssss
This doesn't seem the "norm" to me!!!
Dear person reading this I hope your day has been going well, if not, I hope it gets better. You are an amazing person who will inspire others to do great things so keep up the hard work. I know you may feel unimportant or insecure at the moment but know that you are a beautiful human being inside, outside and you are important.
Well, we already know depending on which side of the fence your on. The trumdy dotard followers will blame President Obama or HRC. The superstitious will say it's a sign that God or some other entity is pissed off and trying to send a sign. And the sane people will attribute it to global warming and other natural occurrences as explained by Science.
THE END OF THE WORLD.
Nopresident got hit from left and right as Mr Trump! I wished if everyone knows the meaning of " VISION" .. A patriotic man with a vision is in the white house now! Leave him alone for God's sake and move on!
Mass hysteria started right after the eclipse. That's what you should know.
Sandra Cassiano
We live on a planet that started off with no people and then we overpopulated it and didn't care for it like we should have. There's no way that it isn't our impact that is causing it. Will we have the ability to exist? Unfortunately that is a question for future generations. I do every day when I can to help people animals in living things globally, do you?
Even according to climate change alarmists, the influence of climate change is on intensity -- not the occurrence to begin with. But it's the belief in the latter which most of the masses mimic without thought.
May Allah(swt) keep them safe and avoid further sufferings.
Jesus is coming! Its all in there. He loves you. Accept and repent !
"It's not nice to fool with Mother Nature."

I fear we have been fools!
At one point it won’t matter who’s right or wrong.  Nature will do its thing and evolution will put us aside.  The only question is « what species will mutate and take over? ».  I say the cows.
Our Creator of the universe "laws" are in constant motion and there has always been a balance "natural order of the whole planetary system" as stated In many places in holy Quran without any "incongruity" (Hq) and that included His Mercy which has precedence over his punishment (Hq) so therefore these unnatural and semilingly bazar things happening is in accordance to prophecy especially when the "majority of people" turn from the true worship from the "Creator" and chose to back up evil and disobedience to the "Fitrah"(natural laws) Holy Quran 30:30, and as a result ther will be "trials" upon trials for man to come to God with a "penetrant hart"(holy Quran in repentance) ther are many case senareo outline in the Holy Bible and Holy Quran including the age of " khal yoga I believ in reality of natural law and sperituality of things Unseen (Hq) peace to all who believ and follow
nice
He is the provocateur bully par excellence! A con man who has unfortunately scammed and lied to innocent, gullible people like you, god help us all😩
It's so much warmer now than it used to be. And I experienced the Oklahoma earthquakes last year.
🙄
It's definitely not the norm but it's all very possible within the realm of scientific. Same can be said for rolling 8 6's in a row on a dice, not normal, but possible
Jesus Is coming
This is all very possible within the confines of nature. There have likley been seasons far worse than this thousands of years ago, but with ability to communicate across the globe rising in the past 50 years we are able to record and share all these experiences. And if it truly were some trial on mankind, why only effect the United States?
Let me help, God is pissed at the evil Democrat party.
So only the United States matter is what you're saying? Why no natural disasters in Russia? Or Europe? India? China? Shall I go on?
Improbable is a better term.
But only for America, not Russia or you know the rest of the world not effected by these storms
Thank you, Pat Robertson.
And he treats your compatriots so well. Sellout.
Bias Alert: NY Times chief WH correspondent slams Trump as 'deacon of divisiveness'
Jessica Helena Castro Mariana Vieira Medeiros
Drive SUV
Hugh Gauntley
Maura Cardenas I remember on one of our road trips you telling me that we'd notice the effects of climate change soon as we reach the point of no return
I think the Deers will finally get their revenge as I always see dead Deers on the road where I live and so I think the Deers will win in the end, either that or the opossums, one or the other.
اميرة كبريائي كم مخيف
12 years with no major hurricanes. 
One bad year.
"Omg climate change is causing hurricanes!!"
Scientism
Jesus Christ is the Creator of all things.
https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/nasa-study-mass-gains-of-antarctic-ice-sheet-greater-than-losses
It couldn’t have been those 4 categories 4-5 hurricanes.
You can repent on these nuts
Birth pangs.
It's like a real life disaster movie, but one where we all die in the end.

Meh.
Well ya they don't have trump controlling them
it is all human made . destruction of the plannet due to pollution and etc ... 
blame your self not God . sure God will punish those who are hurting any creatures on earth.
It's definitely making things way worse than they normally would be. What would be really disastrous is if we had the storms we've seen in the past few months as the norm, every year. I wouldn't currently call this the point of no return. If anything it's when we should start to take notice and act to make legislation that funds carbon abatement procedures before we get into a situation where we have to spend billions of dollars in reconstruction efforts every year trying to rebuild entire cities.
Jhosse Paul Márquez de lo que platicabamos hoy
Danielle O'Banner
...and we hv an administration that is anti-science.  Ride th open range Marlboro Man...and we know how well that turned out.
That was a great video! #moreofthese
Sebastian Pagliaricci
Kelly Valdezz
Brad
Juan Carlos para complementar tu post..
Gee, maybe a little thing called HARP.
Alicia Dinkel
Ricardo cools 🙂
I know global warming  myth believers are so ignorant
Whether you believe in man-caused climate change or not, pollution still SUCKS !
Elizabeth Maldonado
Daniela Gil Duran
Can you imagine how devastating wild fires must have been 500, 1000, 10,000 years ago.  They must have just burnt and burnt and burnt until rain out them out. Then slowly, nature took back over. Grass frew, animals came to eat the grass. Trees grew and birds came to live in the trees with the squirrels.  And then...not would happen all over again. Crazy, Huh !
Can you imagine how devastating
I live in México City and experienced the earthquake from two weeks ago, last Tuesday and last Saturday. You definitely become more afraid and you can’t really prepare for the next one because it is so unexpected and you can’t live in fear. But there is definitely something going on with Mother Nature and it’s time we became more aware of the damages we are causing if we want to be more prepared.
usercontent2.hubstatic.com/6923963.jpg 4 of this elements have already shown mankind recent unpleasant activities. I wonder whats next from space.
Rodrigo Martínez
The question is not what kind of planet we are leaving for our children.  But rather, what kind of children are we leaving for our planet?   Think about it people!
Rob Perran
Omg
Eclipses happen all the time. Just not where you are capable of seeing them.
Dosen't any of you think that the continuing boming from north corea has  triggered  any of these things happening?
And all things were created spiritually before they were created physically.  Mother Earth is mourning and ill from all the ugliness of God's children.
I'm
There are no connections between global warming (human interference) and these recent events. The earth has natural and unrelated periods of  warming and cooling peaks.
Grace Kelly
Farid Oliaei
Sooji Yang
AND THEY CALLED THAT'S CLIMATE CHANGE - LOL
David Espinoza
Kelly
Mother Nature strikes back. Yeah! <3
Dalia Oren
Overall pretty good but the role of global warming in the upswing of the amount of acres burned, especially in very large intense fires over the last decades because of the lack of snow pack and hotter drier summers. Including the adding on of 2 months more of fire season then it used to be in the west, was way too much downplayed. I am not talking about just this one year. But the patterns that have been happening over the last 4 decades caused by global warming are exasperating and fueling the the situation by stressing out the trees in the forests, for all of the things that were mentioned in the video.
can he narrate everything please?
Ironically I suspect that the good guys in all of this will end up being the insurance companies that have to foot the bill not spout the bluster.
I love 👈
Every action has a counter action. We are living on this planet and since we act in the way we do we have to expect a counter action . I can't say about earthquakes, but consider pollution, any pollution, that must play its role for certain counter actions... Landfills, air pollution, sea pollution, river pollution, urban pollution etc...
Melting ice, rising sea levels. Forest fires that occur due to human negligence or in some cases on purpose. All of the above must be met with a counter action. We don't live on a dead planet, rather the opposite. We and only we are responsible for the ways we behave... We are disturbing a rather delicate eco system in ways we can't yet understand how it will behave in order to sustain it self...
We are cementing over natural waterways and blaming mother nature for floods; we are allowing outlaws to build skyscrapers without following earthquake-proof building codes and we blame mother nature for deaths after a quake; we are pushing people into poverty and leaving them to live in shacks and we blame mother nature for hurricanes that blow their shacks away.  Who's really to blame for all this misery?
Dario Moio
Cinthya Hildinger Evelyn Hildinger
Uma Rajiyah
Jessica Redding Schwabe
forest fires in US and Europe--confers are best in rainy place in ireland...it has modified leaves where it cannot hold moisture in atmosphere,,,during colonization of US many native plants were destroyed and confers were planted to please colonizers....what is needed is big leaf trees that can retain lot of moisture in atmosphere and confer must be removed and this confers also never allow other plants to grow near its vicinity...
why does US allow destructible wooden houses to be build ...only to be washed away or turn into ash during fires ....this must be banned even to save trees ...a house to live must not be destructible easily ....go for simple brick and mortar
Yesenia Mendoza
most of the heavy rain clouds and typhoon goes towards left/US and not towards right/Africa ....the heat and lack of forests create havoc in US pulling towards it ...increase forest coverage with big leaf trees not confers that ignite without being lit as it cannot hold  atmospheric moisture near it ....
maybe if they stopped fracking and drilling on the coasts and stopped creating huge empty voids under the land sucking out the oil maybe the plates would settle n stop moving as badly and theese thing s prob wont happen as often
The question is not what kind of planet we are leaving for our children.  But rather, what kind of children are we leaving for our planet?   Think about it people!
We are so busy fighting and arguing with each other
- that we are being sent a clear message
- but no one is listening
- until it's too late
Or so you say and believe
Kara Mycek it's happening
Flor De Maria August
If only we had peer reviewed explanations for all these phenomena.  Surely the worlds leaders would act then
Lemme guess....🤔 Climate Change?
Dios nos guarde
Margie Gonzales
Maddie Tarr Clare Maloney-McCrystle Paige Vermeer Chela Davila Caoimhe MacRunnels
Well done, NYT!
I think we are reaching an equilibrium point, we are too many and Earth (nature) It’s reacting to that.
In my lifetime (37 years) I’ve been trough 4 strong earthquakes, I live in Puebla, México 🇲🇽, and many others earthquakes that you can consider “normal”... but this two last earthquakes (8.2 and 7.1) with 12 days of difference I believe these was no “normal” at all, nature is reacting stronger everytime it hits and we just have to try to be prepare for any contingency, hope for the best and try to help others if we can do it, the best lesson of all is that disasters can get the best of us as humans, our differences get apart and we start to work together to help other people, to care for animals and rebuild the things around us (in many ways)... I wish the best for all and be careful when something happens... greetings
Morgane Kuyl
Mario Mata
Deny climate change 😖
Climate took revenge
Sierra Troas
Paolo Erdman
Great analogy Sarah! Peace
Very interesting, so what we gonna do 'bout it? 
I'm from Mexico city and I am so afraid as everyone who live here, believe me
Marina Gz
Maybe your God hates you
Jeff Bossler
Iliana Torres
Haarp maybe?
Kathleen Warnagiris Reynolds
Shaelyn Moulson
I do not pretend left any kind of kid for my side. At this point is a better idea!
awesome, we are nothing and our planet suffers
Cervantes Lali hope this helps with your anxiety.
Selma Ornella Subhangi
Do we care about the planet for our children and grandchildre ?
Justin Kassise #science
윤형진
Hugh Knyvet Josh May
José Cruz
Of course, there are tremendous natural disasters.Nature takes a revenge. And the question is: 'Who is to be blamed? I wouldn't like to think over but I believe that people are harbingers of these terrible phenomena. I do not judge, of course. I am just trying to say that if we look back on ancient times there were no advanced technology, no amenities such as restaurants, joints, cafes, no traffic but only nature with its landscapes, plains, and mountains. However,  all of this sustained the natural balance of the planet 'Earth'. The air was as clean as a water, the torrents turned green, the water was full of numerous fish, human beings worked hard but they were consuming health and high-quality food in return. Nature gave men everything, contributed to their own needs. But, regarding the development of the technological process, the natural balance broke. Much hydro and power- stations, plants and factories, enterprises and offices etc. came up. They become more competitive and demandable. The world felt the necessity of something advanced and unusual. It caused these natural disasters in its turn by polluting the atmosphere and, in the same way, demolishing natural balance.There was condition critical. As a result, it is what it is. The only way holds that we somehow must solve this urgent issue of climate change before it's too late, in any rate. That is only my point of view on the situation which is exposed in a video.
Jessie Jaymez Blaylock no year like this one
Buckle up
That VO though, it's like a bedtime story with a horrible ending -love it.
Dustin Thompson we we're talking about this a bit, some info here
The damage ARE DONE !! To our beauty earth , for dirty people like Dumb idiot Trump !!
Bonnie
Juliana Fernandez T Juan Pablo Arango Faccini Daniel Suárez La respuesta a  nuestra profunda discusión del sabado 🤓🤔
Sja
En verdad muy triste
Happens every year. Relax.
Si
Who stalks the life,
Of the rebellious,
Down to the pit.
To the doors of death,
The blind, the deaf,the love of sin,
Who refuse to hear the call,
Of the LORD OF LIFE,
Preferring Satan's call and all,
In the mid of  wickedness and strife,
Of conscience, dead,God's word unread ,
Your choice now before deathnell sounds,
Lookup, and turn,live and learn,
CHRIST DIED TO SAVE,DON'T STAY A SLAVE.
BBVM. 
http://www.donimon.org/repentperish.html
Andrea Cando I'm not sure what your comment means, however; if we're teaching our kids they have rights and no responsibilities, WE ARE ALL IN BIG TROUBLE!!!!
Joanna Baumgarten
Lots going on.  We gotta start understanding complex cause and effect as well as walk and chew gum at the same time.  :)
It's all Trumps fault...  God hates Trump.
Jorge Pizzuto Aznar
Jessie Jaymez Blaylock what on Earth are you talking about? two Octobers ago the Pacific saw the second strongest hurricane on record (at the time) hit western Mexico. just because they don't hit the US doesn't mean they don't happen.
Brick and morter doesn't work well in places with earthquakes. Earthquake proof structures must have flexibility to bend and move with the waves of the land movement. Brick and morter crumble when the ground shakes. Thats why you dont see it much here in California.
earth quake prone area need diff civil engg altogether ....we are discussing in normal areas ..
Florian
Global warming is real but it doesn't cause earthquakes.
Mike Mottweiler #bringmethefacts
Eyes wide open
Oscar Walters
Nicolas Poveda Tatiana Lizarralde
Molly Kelly Tina Duchene Kelly
Nic Yiallouris Interesting...
Campan Karina
Maria Luiza Ruggeri Filipe Vicinança
Hmmmmmmmmm.
I heard the sky is falling, also!
Great points, Bonnie...
6 Graphs Explain the World’s Top 10 Emitters    https://wri.org/blog/2014/11/6-graphs-explain-world%E2%80%99s-top-10-emitters
developed countries contribute to high global pollutants taken on  per capita basis....and forest coverage are dwindling ....Industries development called economic contributor is misnomer in fact they are the main problem for the environment land ,water and air is highly polluted because of crass industrialization ..".most brainy" of industries are con-men of the environment ....hmmm
disasters by earth quakes ,volcanic eruptions[not man- made] cannot be correlated to  above earth surface disasters .like forest fires,floods,unpredictable rains which are man -made ....
Marissa Ellerin
Ben Okonow thought of the day
Seemed like a pretty calm balanced video to me. (More so in the words than the visuals.)
Jesus💙🙏
Marie Ratel Nema Aunará
Stephanie Crombie
My husband was a wildland firefighter and there is a lot we can do about fires such as prescribed burns, cutting down specific trees, having trained firefighters who can work on these fires etc. Fires are a big problem, but there are things that we can and should be doing.
David Aguilar Omar Aguilar recuerdo cuando caminaba de la escuela a la casa en Hermosillo sonora y sentía que el sol me echaba llamaradas
Wooooow! I love the mini documentary! Reminded me of visiting the planetarium as a kid.
I love this stuff.
Nice video!
Kelsea Brennan-Wessels, were you in on this?
Tan simple como suena, y peleando por tonterías...
without it we wouldn't be here to tell a story of our existance
Careful, don't tell Republicans how hot the sun is - they might convince themselves that it drives climate change and global warming!! 😂😳😭
在生命代理人必須暴露甚至個人的戲劇，我將能夠幫助別人，以及需要時間知道他患有雙相情感障礙=因為家庭遭受了我的家庭疲勞在一起Quottia me internar直到我尋找 幫助PR知道非常血液檢查顯示我在2011年被診斷出的東西自2006年以來我已經痛苦我相信在28歲我覺得改變我如果能幫助人們幫助家人知道如何處理欣快和抑鬱症行為，我該怎麼辦 有助於藥物在社會上生活等工作的東西
Jenny why aurora borealis exist
Actually, you just made their argument for them (non-anthropogenic causes). Nice going, Seth!!!
Hmmmm. Seeing how this massive thermonuclear reactor is the major source of our heat, maybe.....just maybe....the fluctuations in its output could have effects right here on Earth!  🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vmjzewpfH0
Go back to school, eventually you learn something, especially that it is responsible for it.
I'm sure someone on here is 100% , unequivocally convinced that the sun and increases in solar flares can't possibly affect our climates.
I hold a PhD in biochemistry - trust me; the sun has little to do with the current anthropogenic rise in global temperatures.
one day we will learn to farm plasma for energy just like our alien ancestors
Darn it Sethie, now I gotta consult the dictionary!
Not really. The sun works on a 11 cycle while the climate has been warming up since the industrial age
It would be awfully hard to read in the dark....

Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. 
Inside a dog, it's too dark to read.
Attributed to Mark Twain
Can you imagine this on a wall sized TV?!?!!!!
The sun is a mass of incandescent gas, a gigantic nuclear furnace

Where hydrogen is built into helium at a temperature of millions of degrees
So, how do you explain away all those warming cycles BEFORE the Industrial Age?
Global warming! Ban the sun!
http://www.longrangeweather.com/global_temperatures.htm
Says the guy with the fake profile....
Try explaining away all of the previous warming/cooling cycles over the course of pre-industrial history, Sethie....

http://www.longrangeweather.com/global_temperatures.htm
So cool.
We cannot be sitting in a safe gallery and watching the universe. We are part and parcel of it !
Without the sun we would be two degrees from absolute zero
Oh, I gotta hear this...
KEEP TRYIN FELLAS!! You are passionate, but you do not persuade! 🤣
wow! I wonder what would be the size of God the creator of every thing if He would decide to materialize one day!


Extraordinário! O que segura ele lá em cima com tamanha perfeição para brilhar todos os dias pela manhã na temperatura ideal para nos aquecer? Ham? Minuto do dia para se converter os amigos ateus, num oferecimento NASA ciências e tecnologia....RS😘, Afinal que pintor pintou os miolos das flores com tamanha perfeição e de variadas cores incríveis? Uma explosão causou tudo isso? Enquanto uns precisam de provas outros crescem com uma certeza, hooooo mundo cruel..😘
nothing beats His creations ...
Just another reason to believe in our amazing God!
Wait You mean it is real?  I thought it was a mythical God!
Drew, you know what they say.  You can't fix stupid.  In case you're so dense, I'm talking about you.
Eventually this planet will be too hot to support life.  Not because of man made changes but, the sun itself will cause it.  As the sun ages it will expand and grow hotter before it engulfs the 3 nearest planets .
Where do you think carbon emissions from human industry and methane gas from human agriculture go?
How do you figure?
The sun isn't the cause of climate change.
Whose?
Rebecca Petchenik, is it C02? Is that good or bad for the enviroment?
Which one?
William Williamson carbon emissions and methane gas.
How much has the ocean risen and why the pause?
https://books.google.com/books?hl=en&lr=&id=aJ-TBQAAQBAJ&oi=fnd&pg=PA1142&dq=climate+change+ocean+levels&ots=v1LyLO77GI&sig=5GrjxVTDRXVz9A5QtVp07ENqlVs
As far as carbon emissions you mean from dirty factories in other countries like say China and not so much our clean factories right?
No, I didn't ask for propaganda. You were doing so well.
Propaganda? Do you know what that word means?
Love ❤️ my sun.
LOL
And China is about to become the world leader in green energy. You sure you want to lose the future to China to save a depletable energy source from depleting itself?
Did you know only a slight rise in C02 in our atmosphere would turn our deserts green?
Rebecca Petchenik, did you get that off the ChinaOne web page. Go check out a live cam.
The ocean hasn't risen an inch. ;)
Ad hominem attacks, Lin? Is that all you've got? Consider yourself checkmated, chief. Good night to you...
http://ecite.utas.edu.au/50313
http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2009/01/28/0812721106.short
http://nldr.library.ucar.edu/collections/ipcc/IPCC-000-000-000-036.pdf
I actually pretty much agree with you on most you have said. Pollution is killing our planet, but it's not you and me causing it, it's  the people asking us to sacrifice for it.
The people who go to the climate change summits add more pollution during one summit than you, me and our entire families will in a life time.
Except the methane, if you tell me Cow farts are destroying the planet, I'm going to call you one of Gore's idiots.
The Visible things were created by the invisible things or in another words the material were created by the spiritual or a greater power or different dimension. Was given to us the Bible that explain all these things, and by faith we know that there is only one God and also this one God creator of everything made himself flash once and decent to earth, his name is Jesus Christ.
Rebecca Petchenik God places the earth and sun at the perfect distance to sustain life. God created the sun to be a marvel of nature, nothing that perfectly made can happen by chance.
Wow!
You know it's true though.
Except that there's literally zero evidence to support any of that.
It's not perfectly made. It's a fire burning out. And there's a very large distance that we could exist in and sustain life. Just because it happened doesn't mean it was on purpose. That's very egotistical.
I have to admit, we could get along. :) hope you have a good evening.
Mark Matta
Radness
Don't forget your sunscreen
Well, how would be the earth perfectly placed in a exact location where it needs to be so we would have perfect temperatures to live in? How would the bible exist for the last 5 thousand of years and still be effective today, and the prophecies of climate change, more earthquakes and natural disasters, world unification, the prophecies of the first coming of the messiah Jesus are in the old testament, also his second coming are in the new testament, but without faith would be impossible to believe, but Eternity was inserted on humans soul. So all of us have some kind of sense of eternity but some don't understand.
Im.still.exsisting...
I feel like you commented on this bc you were looking for an argument. Actually there is no other distance or location to sustain the life and atmosphere that God created for us here. Can you prove that all this was not created on purpose?
It just did. And why do you think the Bible is still effective? Do people still sacrifice live animals?
And you can't say something was prophecied after it happened and have an ounce of credibility.
Why does there have to be a purpose?  Why do you think you're supposed to be here?
People don't sacrifice animals anymore because, God himself came on earth to be the sacrifice on the cross, and the sacrifice lost its power, it doesn't need to be done anymore. World unification its on the process its not done yet, but it was written thousands years ago, third temple in Jerusalem also didn't happen yet but will happen.
Lots of people have prophecies for the end of the world. And lots of people say things about god that contradict your thing. Who's to say who's right?
Do you live your daily life with no purpose or goal?
I have my own goals that are important to me
Another great NYT science video
All we need to do is to send money to the Paris climate accord, and things are going to be ok.
So you do have a purpose in your life. Do you want to live w no purpose? So why chose to believe there was no purpose in creation.
Jennifur Bouie
Javi AbascalMathi FahsenJuanpi QuinteroAdrian Castañeda GodoyMansard RoofLuisan Sz
Urvi Awasthi
☀️❤️☀️ and Jupiter takes a lot of hits for us.
CLIMATE CHANGE - LOL
tampoco te podes dormir? hahaha
Alain Garkanian Dominic Carusillo
This is where republicons belong for there stealing and greed
Go to link and signed please thank you 
https://www.amnesty.org/en/get-involved/take-action/help-stop-the-violence-in-myanmar/
Heerak Aaron tell Rufi Sun can Burn us xD xD
Junior Marino
We can survive.on earth because we evolved through millenia TO survive on Earth, end of story
God was made up by people. So are we as a species, the true gods of ourselves?
The sun is on a 11 year cycle, climate change has been happening for billions of years over longer than 11 year cycles...doesnt take a genius to figure it out lol
Pedro I believe God is real, according to the Bible and the historical fact of Jesus, the son of God living here on the earth.
Crystal I do not believe the earth is millions of years old. God created the earth, according to the Bible. God created this amazing world for us to treasure.
This is the perfect example on how insignificant we are as living beings. kk
Hey, you atheist. Here's another prove that there's a GOD. Keep deceiving yourselves, and keep living in that illusion you've got.
Suggestive! 😯
You forgot to provide the  'prove'.
Fantastic images and explanations.
Utsav Talwar Samrat Sethi
Shanade Podesta
Bryan Wibberley
Chloe Wilson
James Nelson. That's it you just watched
Karina Fernandez
We're not perfectly placed around the sun though. We're within an acceptable range to allow life. We could be further away or closer by thousands of miles and still be fine.

We've also discovered numerous planets in foreign solar systems that are in the goldilocks zone. Earth is not special.
Michael
God has nothing to do with the sun behavior. Pure  fisics  and chemical reaction of the star. Nature working along with or without this planet.
Que beleza do Criador
Surya namaskar makes more sense. 🙂Temperamental star🌞
I love the Sun! Take that haters!!
Yo ho it's hot, 
the sun is not 
a place where we could live 
But here on earth there'd be no life without the light it gives
Gidge Thomson
Mayara Santos Bruno Aguiar
Did dude compare the sun to 'boiling opium'? Ah...just watched again. He said oatmeal.
Scott Buchanan
God is talking about the sun.Rev cap.16 v 8,9!
and there it is!!!
Or it’s the Dems fault
... in 5 billion years. That's longer than the current age of the earth. Of all the things to concern yourself with, this is the least of them.
.
Guijuelo sushi syd













According to one book that says 'version' on the cover?
Sure. Unedited word of god. Says 'version' on the cover. Written in a language that didn't exist when the romans were
In charge of the Middle East. Uhuh. Okay.
I would light a fire
Our God is the Sun
Climate scientists know that climate can and has fluctuated due to natural causes; they've just concluded that in this case, the cause is manmade emissions. There's no "explaining away" going on.
God!
Perspective.
This images make me feel that there is no God only the Sun.
It is very awe inspiring but why worry this is one of those things that you have no control over if that happens there are no preventative measures. What we do need to worry about is where the human race is heading because the way we are going we will sew  our own seeds long before the suns solar flares become an issue. Newsflash the son has been doing its thing since life began!
Katie Cunningham
I love the sun,the water,the air,all are wonders.
Wow !! A marvelous design
Sebastian Hughes Isabelle Hughes. The sun us a star?
It looks like mankind will take care of that much sooner.
Forget that song
They got it wrong
That thesis has been rendered invalid 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLkGSV9WDMA
I'm afraid of the sun
Joachim M Jacobs 😱
More than a million times larger than the earth?
Fred Langford
you call that boring? What a dumb thing to say
Roxie Merrett Frankie Sheldrake
Helios is awesome, you're right. Or what god did you refer to?
Well that's both fascinating and terrifying ...
Our earth and all universe will end but no one knows when
Love God
Here comes the Sun and it's alright ...
Superb!
I trust you are commenting on the wrong video.
Fascinating
Jayesh Shah
Guy Rosenschein
Maya Rosenschein
eternal wariness is the price of living with a temperamental star!!
Trump!
Why ain't we simply nuking it?
Yo
Cape Town?
Bravo👏🏻
Tom Hynes
Have loved him for decades. Hello from Los Angeles, California!
He da man!
Carlos Otávio Fiúza Leonardo Castro
Dang. NYT bringing the legends on FB Live.
Saw him live and he's amazing!
What a treat!
It would be much better if the other Corea do the same :)
Magnifico..!!!
Gorgeous!!
I remember seeing Chick Corea live at Stony Brook a few decades ago. That began my love of jazz.
Hi Chick. What a pleasure!
Hello from Johannesburg- South Africa
What was it like working with Miles Davis?
Fantastic 👏👏👏
Needed to hear this today, thank you!
A Hot Chick
Daniel Jaylove Jalilpoor
Boonie hi
Tan grande...
Alex Kurland incredible
ICON
Excellent 👍
I first saw Chick Corea live many years while a college music student in Potsdam. Enjoyed seeing him again a little while back at the Syracuse Jazz Fest. Great to see him again here. Thanks!
Hello from Edgewater, NJ! Got a match?
Always a fan!
Brilliant ! But so cold...
Good to hear!!!
HLo
This is nice.
Amazing! Thanks and hello from Portugal!
Pick up Chick
amazing!.:)
Excellent
Hello from Seattle!!!
Stunning!!
Beautiful music 🎶
Watching in Quito, Ecuador. What a treat!
Olha só Chico Francisco Marshall!!!
The best
Wonderful!! Thank you so much for sharing  this performance with us!!
Spencer Thompson
Hi from Frankfurt Germany ! Love your music !
Yasssssss!!!!!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
from Bangladesh chittagong
Virtuosic
Love his music
awesome!
Hello from Wisconsin. Thank you for all the jazz.
Always Great
Sam RusnakMax Bieryla
Beautiful!!!
From Rio de Janeiro, under gang's war, we salute you for this gift
Maravilloso.
Thank you 😊
Thats amazing thanks❤
I love your music, it makes me happy, Go Chick Corea gooooooooooooo!
Hello Gayle
Is he coming to Dublin Ireland
Stunning, thanks Mr. Corea!
Nice.
Anderson Paz
Brilliant! :D
Jordan Brooks
Jonathan Gardner
Hi from ATL!
Modulation!!!
Be still my heart.
So great!
nice perfoman
Wow!!! Greetings Guatemala city.  Lovely
Thanks to the New York Times, we even get to see things like this....watch live on Wednesdays at Noon for MusicTown Detroit😍🤩🤩 to post live performances and interviews from legendary Detroit artists!
Hi from México!
always love hearing Chick!
Luke Seabright
Great sound
My idol!!! ☺️
Michael's Pride watching from Farmingville Long Island
Susan Wylie
hi, from brasil in a sunny afternoon.
Beautiful music.
Brilliant I saw him at the Blue Note. Amazing.
Thank you.Always a pleasure to hear Mr. Corea play.....
Question for Mr. Corea: do you ever get stuck while practicing, and how do you react to it?
Thanks for joining, everyone. Questions for Chick? Post them here.
Love Chick, can't stand the 'bright' sound of a Yamaha though....
Didn't have the best day; until now. ❤️❤️❤️
Undeniable stylings of Chick... Masterful.
What a delightful way to end the work day.
Beautiful music
What advice could you give to me? I'm a young aspiring jazz artist.
Wow ... Idol.  In-depth master class.
New york times getting better. Keep it up!
it's my first time hearing Chick live :)
It is so good to hear that music! Greetings from Moscow
We are waiting for you in Rio de Janeiro, Chick Corea!
When will you and Stanley Clarke get back together again?
What is the best (and efficient) way to learn to speak in "jazz"?
Scott Brittenham The Blue Note
The best
I'm in.
Any new CDs coming out?
Adam Cad
Maura Fitzgerald Halliday
Love your work!!!
What are your favorite exercises to practice on piano?
What are you thinking about when you play this song?
Chick flick! His music is beautiful. Thanks.
Will there be any more music like light years?
My soul is free.
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻❤️❤️❤️
Jack Martin
Howdy from Missouri, USA! Share unconditional love!  Live in peace with you neighbor!  💞
Silas Kaplan!!
Bhavya hi
Considered a genius, seen him perform here at the Ventura Theater back in the '90's.
¡Muchas gracias! Estoy disfrutando esta música maravillosa mientras ceno después de un largo día. Todo un regalo. Saludos desde España.
Beautiful!
what's your favorite instrument to play besides the piano?
Are you still playing Mozart?
Thomas Hynes
Great musician
Sweet!  Is this being recorded for Disklavier?
Thank you! I needed this today.
Thank you NYT!
Fantastic! Thank you for posting. Love Chick!
Chick Will you be mine, and serenade me every day?
Saw him in Provence, France the summer of 2010, hubby Bob Nambati was super jealous
Please come to Portland, OR
Saw him in Cleveland with his wife Gayle, our friend.
muy bonito !!!😍
My baby in my belly is enjoying this as much as I am. Thanks 🙏
Like a fine wine...better with age..So very talented.....
Return to Forever-my all time favorite jazz group.
Jose Inés Enriquez Ledesma
Amazing! My question is: Seems he is talking to his music while playing? What is he saying?
ohh Chick Corea, good memories!
When do you come to Frankfurt Germany ?
god
come to Amsterdam please.:)
Chick, when is your next tour? Will you ever be performing in St. Louis, Missouri?
Merci  c'est beau
I've abandoned Arsenal match to watch this.
🙌🎼♪♫♬♭🎼♩🎶🎵🎹
Way to go, Chick!
Armando
Great Performer
👍🏼🎼💕🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Waoooo
What song is this
Will you come back to philadelphia?
Ciao from Perugia, city of Umbria Jazz festival !
I would love to see the original Return to Forever United for a tour
Any advice for a 34 year old just learning to play piano?
Brad
when you'll come to Paris??
Used to be in a Boy Band with Billy Joel?
Thank you for this broadcast.
Ale gro
Ever consider a new concert based  on My Spanish Heart?
Thank you Mr. Corea!
Kynda Houara
Aiwaaa.
Mr. Corea, how do you define Jazz?
Do you remember you school music educators?  Which teachers were you biggest influences?
For Mr Corea: how has music changed meaning for him throughout his life? Any particular event marking changes?
Yeeeeeeeah! 😮
(y)
What is your second choice for an instrument?
I'm loving this
I love it it's awesome
Maestro!!!
Beautiful
Gracias por tanto
Wonderful!
Gosh, thank you for making this happen! 🙏🏼
Extraordinary to see this live, from another continent
David Behrens
Great pianist..gifted fingers! I know,I played the piano ...😀
When 'ill come in Rio de janeiro
misto
!!!
I love you work with rtf
What are Chick’s memories of Miles Davis’s band
, and of playing dual pianos/organs therein with Keith Jarrett?
Wow ❤️
Hmmm.. I say any word, just listening too..great, thank you !
this is amazing!! Thank you for this live performance!!!
what is going trhoug his mind while he plays the piano? why does he move his mouth?
Woow ✌️
Bibianne Yu
CHICK!!!
Bravooooooooo
How much would you charge to play a holiday party? PM me!
Who is the educator or mentor who has had the greatest influence on you and your music? And are you serving as a mentor to anyone right now who's following in your footsteps?
Awesome!!! Argentina wait for you
Wow!
C.C  is a very fine and impressive player. He's put out sensitive jazz on the more traditional acoustic side, as well as ambitious electric fusion with Return to Forever.<3 <3  <3
Awesome!
Hit the rumba, armando!
Yeah
I just saw Al Di Meola Saturday in Vegas ....RTF!!!
Yes!!
👏👏👏😻😻
Thanks Chick, Armandos Rhumba is one of one of my favorite song! Great version ! Thanks again!
My Spanish Hearth!
bravo 🙏
Superb 👍
Can you play a little bit from "SPAIN"?
Applause!!! Bravo bravo
Merci from Paris!
👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Armandos Rumba
Hi Chick do you have some time for your fans  somewhere ? Fans Club - Please thank you !
What one artist, dead or alive, would you like to play with?
Nice!
Great player!
What piece was the most  difficult to play with a band, ex. with Return to Forever
I love you chick!!!
Have You Met Miss Jones!
Any chance you'll be coming to The Fox Theater in Detroit?
"Armando's Rhumba"
Would he play one more piece, please please?
I hope see you in Riviera Maya Jazz fest!!
Love it! Thank you...
What up, Chick! Nice!!
Love u  Corea!! Still great...your can since the 70's.
I Love You!
Thanks for this!
😎
Otroligt!!!
Alissa
Rhumba
What is your opinion of Joe Sample?
He's been at the Blue Note almost all year
John Valinch Mark Adams Travis Rogers Jr.
Chick, what are your biggest non-jazz influences?
How do you do it? :) Fantastic. Magic. Thank you. Спасибо!
Rtf
Juan Claudio Lechin andaaaaa
Still the best
Lo maximo chick
Beautiful, Thank you!
Lou reed looks good!
I would love to hear you play Love Castle (:
I would like to know his approach to outside playing.
Great idea for a live interview! Thanks for sharing.
Thank you NYT for broadcasting a great music online 👍🙂
Оо пичове,  този е супер
Desde Nicaragua
Really awesome 🎹🎼
Wjen you coming to Chicago,Ill
Any recordings of your time with Blakey
Seattle ?
Thanks Master !!!
Thee Mr.Chick Corea! 🎹👍
Hi, chick!
#LatinoPride
Hi Alex Brown
Come to Bulgaria, we love you very much here !!!
Greetings from Hamburg in Germany
Amazing!!💕💕🙏🙏
Incredible musician!
Question for Chick: as one of the most outstanding musicians alive, are you disappointed by the sound quality that the New York Times is offering you for this Facebook Live video?
What do you like to hear in a drummer ????
AH le Maestro Chick korea ! mon idole d'adolescence ! toujours égal à lui même ds cette version d' Armandos rumba ! j'ai d'ailleurs une compo que j'avais nommé : viaje to espana ! thinking to chick! qui lui est dédié ! compo de l'époque de karaybyo (groupe crée en 1996 )
This is real art
Blessings
Isadore Palacpac
I live in Spain but originally from the USA. I am an educator.
Play the music
Question to Mr Corea: You certainly experienced a lot of keyboard instruments including those real and those imitating real ones. Do you experience some special connection with those real ones, some greater ability to come up with new ideas? Do you feel they have some kind of soul?
Hello from the SF Bay Area!
we are watching here in Solano Nueva Vizcaya Philippines
Will you be playing a few tunes for us today?
Is there any thought or sentence that you say in your heart before every performance, and then you start to play?
Firudin. Baku/Azerbaijan
One of the greatest of all time, his fusion is practically unmatched
What classical pianists (other pianists) do you admire and listen to?
Are you coming over to Paris this year ?
Used to have the sheet music to "No Mystery"...loved playing it but it was WAY easier to listen too.  SPAIN or No Mystery, pretty please!  ;)
still best
Mary Catherine
Could you ask which artists Chick is currently listening too? Which ones are exciting him? (Mo from Amsterdam)
Love your music! Do you plan another set of Children's Songs?
Piano Teacher who effected your technique
Steve Gadd is one of my all-time favorite drummers,  great memorable playing style!
For Giampaolo Novarini 😁
Awesomeness!
How was it playing with Miles Davis?
Do you still use a Moog? Or fender Rhodes?
Awesome!
Hi from Mt Shasta CA!
Hello chick, my name is nigel i'm an aspiring jazz artist out of texas. What advice could you give me about persuing a musical career.
Hello from Portugal
What got you into music? First instrument? First gig (official or unofficial)?
Ask him to name his favorite piano players and guitarists
good is The New York Times
Saw you perform with Stanley Clarke, Return to Forever Days!! Love your music!
waiting for you un Rio at Blue Note
When are you planning to come to Portugal?
Tim Whalen
It's great to see you.  I worked with your mom at Schaft Candy Company.
Hello from Brasil
Which is your favorite tune to perform?
Please play some music I'm Puerto Rican descent n the island is under water so please play some Latin Caribbean infused music.  Cheer me up
Great musician and all a reference for me
The difference of playing with Weckl, Gadd and Colaiuta
Chicks Tune is based on what tune?
Amazing musician!🎶🎶✌️🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝The best!!
How did the Chick Corea Electrik Band began?
Dude, Return to Forever made some absolutely incredible music. Thank you!
Where is your favorite place to play?
I think if memory serves "Bupping on Sunset " I loved that song
Bhavya Pandit, Love this guy. I never knew you liked jazz so much!
Pronto en Lima !!!
Time to play.
Chicks Tune is a tune he recorded with Blue Mitchell
Hi Chick, you are my biggiest inspiration so far! Come to London to play your fantastic music soon man!! God bless you
Hello Chick, Thanks for 10 Little Drummers!
Spain...my favorite🎶🎶🎶
Great pianist.
Ba
New Orleans
How did the Chick Corea Electrik Band begin? from Las Vegas,NV.
Что за хрен перед роялем?
What is chicks tune based upon what song.
wow wow best hero!
Let’s hear some “Spain”
Who was you're favorite artist you've worked with in the past
Do You also reach Romania ?
What do you think of Jaco Pastorius?
Question: What do you think about when you play? And is it different, when it's live for people in the same place, versus people you can't see?
Hello MAESTRO from Vicenza-Italia
Might there be another Elektric Band album and tour in the near future?
Chick is very good!!! Brazil!!!!
I've spent years practicing improvising over complicated pieces like "humpy dumpy". When I see you playing over those complicated changes I realize that you're from another planet haha, I mean you do it so fluidly and naturally. Any advice to improve the flow of improvisation over complicated changes?
Hello Maestro♡
Love your Music
From Casablanca
Cool 😙😙😙
Do you remember your concert with Stanley Clarke  in St. Louis in 1977 or 1978?
Would love to hear you play with Carlos Santana, and also with YoYo Ma.
Which classical musicians do you listen to and why?
Whose music do you listen to these days?
Who are some of your current favorite musicians to listen to?
Come to Brazil, we miss you since the day a strike in Argentina spoiled your performance in Ouro Preto!
Hello Mr. Corea. How was it playing with Mr. Al Jarreau? Loved watching when you played at the white house.
I had the great pleasure of seeing you perform at the Wichita Jazz Festival over thirty years ago.  It was such an honor that you came to Wichita.
Chick, did you ever meet Allan Holdsworth and what did you think of his playing? I think a collaboration between you two would have been incredible.
Is there an evolution or an involution when we talk about the quality of music made nowadays,  comparing to what was happening when you started to grow?
What was your writing process for Got A Match?
Robin. 💗
Can't hear. Some kind of interference.
Australia!!! ;)
Favorite Blue Note album?
How did the Chick Corea Electrik Band begin? from Las Vegas,NV.
❤️
Thank you Chuck!
Hello!!from Bangkok,Thailand.
What are your thoughts on faster piano playing over tasteful sparse playing
Anywhere
You are palying nice
Great to see you!!
New Orleans wants to know where did you get them big hands?
Favorite artist you've worked with in the past. From milwaukee wi
Hi from Raleigh, NC. I have loved you for decades <3
As a keyboard/piano player, what's your approach to improvisation?
Thank you for sharing your 🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶talents with the world.
From Chile: Chick which other musical style you admire or would like to play. Have you never touched
Will you consider playing with Al Di Meola again
How did the Chick Corea Electrik Band begin? from Las Vegas,NV.
I was stationed in Japan in the navy
You look really young at your age!
🙋‍♀️
Thank you! I was born outside Boston. Now a Colorado girl. Hope to see you out this way some time.
Greetings from Poland Mr. Corea! :)
What do you think is the quintessential Chick album?
Who are some of the young pianists you like, who are performing in jazz today.
What other type of music inspires you in addition to Jazz?
Come to Rio, Chic!
i chick, i gave you the carcabo, i hope you started to practice playing with them
How did you originally connect with Bela Fleck?
Dani Almeida Yamaha
See you at Berklee this weekend!!
Thank you for sharing!
Ciao Chick, could you tell us about the eventual Elektric band recording and the new Corea/Gadd band?
What is the best way to learn how to emphasize in Jazz? Solo to make it clear.
How it was to play in Lviv Alfa Jazz?
Hello from Portugal. Big  compositor....
When shall you be in Nairobi, Kenya , for this tour, it is great.
Got anything to say about Scientology?
Do you practice some classical music to warm up before you turn to jazz and if yes what you practice?
Maestrazo!!
i chick, i gave you the carcabo, i hope you started to practice playing with them
Will you ever come back to Bakersfield, CA?
do you teach piano'
From St. Maarten ....what was the most difficult challenge you've ever faced during your formation as a pianist
Love Chick and
Rhapsody has a Tarantella, are you going to improvise on it.
Your upcoming concert in Boston w/Steve G.  looks to be a legendary evening!
One of the best pianist Chick
QUESTION.   MANY YEARS AGO,I WAS ON A PLANE ,SEATED BETWEEN THE BAND ,ST CLARKE ETC .   THEY INVITED ME TO STAY W THEM,DINNER,CONCERT ,ETC.   ILL NEVER FORGET IT . WE WERE IN BOSTON,ON MY WAY TO MAINE TO PAINT .    ILL NEVER FORGET ST CLARKES IVORY PIPE .   K
Thoughts on Jaco Pastorius
Music and dialog Sherrianne will love
Happy to listen about the simple and fundamental things in jazz!Thanks!
Maestro Gerson Albuquerque
How did the Chick Corea Electrik Band begin? from Las Vegas,NV.
Chelsea the fort under the bridge lives in you. Keep it going. 😌
El empeño
Alberto Ginastera!!! Que groso
Saw a video of you talking to Jacob Collier - any thoughts on how he uses harmony?
Has anyone choreographed a dance while you are playing?
Why are so many people mad???
Argentinian
Any new music in the works for The Vigil?
*photo of you, sorry
Loved your concert in Chautauqua with Bela Fleck and the Flecktones.
Ginastera is awesome
Favorite musician you've worked with
Alyssa Li!!!!
El mejor del planeta, Chick Corea
D minor concerto I think!
Welcome, I saw you in concert in Omaha, NE in the 1970s when I was in high school. I still enjoy your music. What is your favorite composition? Who was your jazz idol? All the best, Merlynne Rae Backstrom
Hello, I am Barbora, the trombonist from Prague. Can you tell us some funny story from your concert you performed? :)
Did you have formal lessons
🤵🏽🎶🎙📽🎬📺
Who did d you achieve that amazing control of Rhythm? Francisco Morales from Holland
Are you gonna ever perform any of the music from your "Bliss"release?
Please play something on that beautiful piano!
one of your favorite jokes? ;)
Did you ever get a chance to meet Oscar Peterson?
Keith jarret
How did you like working with Air to and Flora Purim
I now have a lot of musicians to add to my list to listen to. Thanks, Chick! Alberto Ginastera sounds wonderful so far.
Wow, really needed a break like this! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 💜 I am HUGE fan #lovearmymexico
Greteis Chick. You are such a genius!
Do you like Chano Dominguez?
Did you ever get a chance to meet Oscar Peterson
To be innovative is it necessary to look at the past as a reference? I'm from Brazil.
Who are your most enjoyable piano duet partners?
I don't rate Collier
Keith Jarrett and yourself also performed a mozart.
Did you ever get a chance to meet Oscar Peterson
i'm here
You're the best maestro!
Luv you Chick for many many years
Mr. Corea rocks. Such a consummate pro. Thanks for this.
Good timing ... with jazz! Thank you Cauvy mch 25/9/17
I've been following him for a long time. He's tops. Thanks for this.
How does it feel to be such a big influence to so many musicians and artists in the world? Thank you!
Would you ever perform "Compadres" again live?
Brazil here enjoying #Chickcorea
Hi Chick! Who are some young players you are listening to now?
What a treat.
My greater admiration for your talent and strenght
Are you classically trained, if so when did you switch over to Jazz, and who were you influences! Thank you.
Cool, man
Chick, I know we as musicians "are" what we listen to, but would you throw out some specific persona thought about how you compose?
How did the Chick Corea Electrik Band begin? from Las Vegas,NV.
Bravo
Glad to see you still performing!
What piece of yours would you play to this World we are leaving ?
ok
Most memorable gig?
ok
Hey Chick! Saw you at SPAC in Saratoga NY , also saw Miles Davis there too..💕✨🎶🎹🎵🎼🎺
Wow!! The legend!!
Thank you for this show
Holly
Woohoo!
Bravo Maestro !!!
Hi Chick, Walter here from Palermo, between Bill Connors, Al Di Meola and Frank Gambale, which one of them did you believe had that particular feel and technique that associated most to your compositions and why? Cheers
Quando vieni in italia?
Yeah!!!!
The United States government is back engineering ufos
YASSSSSSSS!
Terrific
Javi Torrens
wow! Chick looks fantastic!! Happy upcoming 70th and ❤️ from Australia
Wunderbar! Wonderful!
saw him in Monterey last weekend 🤗🤗
Genius
Señor 🐁 Mouse?
Come to Hong Kong Chick!
Abaaba sida loo raaxaysanooyo arag
Amazing. Thank you for doing this!
Thanks Chic for your wisdom and your talent.
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
a hell of a songwriter...performer...
Chick Corea, can you play in three keys at the same time?
Take it home chick! yaass.😙
That is definately spain
He just keeps getting better!  How is that even possible?
Awesome!
What was the coolest session you've had with another musician? (Yes, there's a bunch). But what stands out?
Wow, this is a so great, thank you!
A REAL MUSICIAN,a genius.
I feel great admiration and respect for Mr. CHICK COREA 🎹.
Genius !!!!!!!!!!!
Παίζει τώρα live!
How did you get the name Chick?  Is it a nickname?  Love your music 🎶
Take it out with Spain
A great surprise to wake up to!! 😊👍
Awesome!!!
What a melodious player...swooooooon!
Roderick Joseph
Spain intro!
Amazing!!! Danke fürs posten❤️
One of my heroes❤
Anthony Rogers
Majic !!! come to NZ
Looks like we are in heaven!!!
Genio
Hi Makoto. ;)
Sandra Quiñones Rosado
He is awesome!
Tap Step !!!
Music ... part of our Tree of life ! Thanks Cauvy
Hey Makoto, miss you here in the U.S.
Spain
Beautiful
Thank you
Hadn't heard about him in so long, glad he's alive and well.
La fiesta
Chick you're amazing!!
What game shall we play today!Thanks Chic!
Hey Chick long time no talk man I'll call u later!
Beautiful hands.
You make a Yamaha sound like a Steinway in its prime.
absolute exquisite
Awesome!
Any chance at another Return To Forever tour?
"The Wish" is definitely one of my all time favorites.
Wow!
Makes me think of Esbjörn Svensson!! You have inspired so many! :D
555 อาจารย์เด่น
Sounds like some Spain with a lot of variations?
What's this piece?
Spain
Un artista
Maestro, pronto lo estamos esperando en Argentina!!!
Thanks for the music, the inspiration and the improvisations. Thank you Chic .
It‘s la fiesta
I vote "Litha" next
Spain
<3 Spain!
Spain
So beautiful!!!
Spain people !!!!
You've made my Monday!
Chick,who are your top three drummers you would say are your favorite to play with?
Would you ever come to Monterrey, Mexico?
I could listen to this all day!
Thank you!!!🌟
Spain 🎶
It's Spain!
Spain!
Are you riffing on Spain?
Exquisite!
That's it!
Thank you Mr.Corea!
Spain!
👏👏👏
Michael Camilo
Ahhh you‘re right! Spain!!
Come to Spain 🇪🇸
Pere Gual Albert torrents
Great, Love!
You havê a specific scale to improvise?
Gracious Amigo
Going to the Blue Note on Wednesday to see Chick with Steve Gadd and band.
Oh yeah!
Ka
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻🎶🎶
🤗
Bravo
Thank you! Xo
Bravo maestro🖐😊🎶❤
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Awesome!  Thank you!!!
Yes Chick !!! Thanks so much, loves from France !
Can't believe I'm listening to Spain live!
Spain    legal
I've been following your music since Return to Forever in the 1970's. My husband and I saw you and Herbie Hancock in Denver a couple of years ago. It was something we'll treasure forever. SPAIN is my favorite along with all the music on MY SPANISH HEART.
Cool
Fantastic!!!!
You are the best!!!!
Bob Reed
Awesome, thanks!
Amazing!  What a treat to see, so close up!
What a treat!
NYT, if you can, try to improve your sound during musical performances. You hear the room too much.
That was beautiful! So many layers. Thanks for playing us out!
I've just begun to like it🇨🇭😊
one of my favorites musicians, amazing ¡¡¡
Sweet!!!
Fabulous!
I recently wrote and recorded a tune inspired by listening to you during the day. I would like you to critique and give me  an idea if I hit the Mark or how to improve composition. I was lucky enough to meet you at Cleawater Jazz fest some years ago after I played. You were very kind to us all  that day:) Thank you for your clarity in life
wow, I'm spending a few months far from home, feeling a little down while dealing with heart disease, and suddenly your video came on. What a treat! Thank you. It doesn't get any better than this.
Would u please play forgotten past for us ? 😍 for me and my daughter jade, thank you Chick !
(y) GENIAL , Thank you !!!
Hi Chick from a great fan.
Oh YES....fab!
Oz 20th
Oh wow.
I love this!!!!!
Romantic as ever!
I am sure he would know our friend Marty Morel.  He lives in St. Petersburg FL.  My husband would go nuts to see him.
you have always had that instantly recognisable sound texture....how is this possible???
The master
Andre Gurgel, 💯💯💯💯👏👏👏🎼🎼🎼🎷🎷🎷🎷🎺🎺🎺🎺
I saw him in Cape Town in 1982 or 1983.
A wizard on keyboard!
Norway too!
Thomas Hufschmidt
Maravilloso¡¡
Is he still a Scientologist?
Inspiring
Nice Armando's Rhumba!  I've lost track of how many of your CD's I have.  Thank you for a lifetime of music.
how was your experience playing with avishai cohen in israel? r u coming again? :)
Hi Chick
Amo Chick corea, Return to Forever-💯💯💯💯
Спасибо, Чик Корея  за твою игру! И до сих пор нет тебе равных! МО-ЛО-ДЕЦ!
i missed the rdv
Hey Chick! Great see you on here. Sounds amazing as always! Looking forward to our next radio interview. 😊🎹👍
Looking forward to seeing you st Blues Alley soon.
Love from Vermont
Play armando’s Rumba!
Will you ever return to forever?
Ben Shuker
🔝.
Treasurr
Weird...I was only just thinking of Chick yesterday! Any chance of Caravan
Bravo me encanta!
Take the -A- train? Oh go on. ;)
I've always thought that Makoto Ozone was highly influenced by you.  Do you have any plans on collaborating with him in the future?
I remember him was he just an egg.
Chris Spagnuolo
God!
Chick, u r greatest performer ever! I saw u with Return to Forever at Caesarea amphitheater ❤️
Question: when did music start for yiu
So beautiful, thanks
When did music start for u and how?
What drummer do you enjoy working with?
Beautiful.
My hero, my idol, my musical inspiration.
For everyone at LA org! Maybe Spain? Thanks Chick! :)
Bob Reid
Winifred Brady
Any plans with a mix of fusion with some hip hop or slam ?
Great! chick
Grande mestre
Magnífico pianista y bella pieza musical!
Virtuoso!
Hi Chick first saw you in 1980  in Guyana. Seems like yesterday
Spain!
Thanks so much!!!☺️
Salam from Tunis, Tunisia.
Exhilarating!!!!
My daughter has dabbled in 'slam' poetry, and I've often thought that would be an interesting mix, in some supportive or interlude fusion. 

Whatcha think 'C' ?
From PA
Las Vegas,circa 1980? Show started at 2am or something Vegas like that...
Hello from the Isle of Man. My first CD was Alive! Chick Corea Acoustic Band
Come to Carthage festival next Summer.
❤️🎵❤️🎵❤️
Chick, do you like waffles or pancakes on Sunday?
Respect and gratitude
Chick and Steve perfect together
One of life long favorite musicians
Amazing!
Number.one....Top só isso!
Very rapidly played at an amazing pace showing creative virtuosity
Hi i'm from Italy, i 'd love to Ask To Chick: Do you think that the Limits of jazz are just arrived? In which mood do you see the Jazz in the next 20 years? 
Thank you for all your Magic
Do you ever
Thanks Chick! Creating really does bring the greatest joys in life!
Do you play any other instruments?
Fantastic!
Noted
hey from Cologne in Germany. this format of NYT is (!) great.
Hey hey !!
Thank you Mr Chick Corea see you in Blue  Note Club
is always a pleasure to heard your music 🎶
Do you ever play on a Steinway?
Awesome 🎶
Any plans to come to Savannah, GA?
Do you realize the impact you have on Drum and Bugle Corps?
Have loved him for most of my life
Have you played with Dizzy Gillespie at the Carthage festival? Will you play there again?
🖤❤️💚💛💙💜💗🎶🎵🎶🎵🎶🎵
When is your next show in  NY or Phila Chick ?
Love your work with Gary Burton!
You r best master,Chick ! I been at Your concert  at Lviv,Ukraine.
Amazing musician! Legendary!
Sheer joy!
What instrument other than piano influenced your piano playing? Mauro, Rome
Alan Raul Lucho
Feelings about John Coltrane
Do you still practice everyday? How many hours?
Wonderfull
Bárbaro!
Mas razón para regresar al Blue Note
Love you and the NYT for bringing this to the world
Spain, no question
Imagínate nada más.
when you return to rosario argentina
George Crotty
Will you play "This Nearly Was Mine" from South Pacific? ❤️
So beautiful. My ears thank you !!!
Santiago Bosch
Take a knee
Chickles Fantastico!
Do you ever play chopsticks
Did you ever play with the late bassist Ben Tucker?  When was your last gig  in jazzy Savannah, GA?  Any plans to return soon?
Maravilha
With Steve Gadd, drummer extraordinaire. I wish I was able to attend, both as a drummer and a music lover.
Corey-o-e-o!
U very nice
Love!
Hey Chick! I'm also from Chelsea MA. I remember the street sign "Chick Corea Way" outside of my high school. 🙂
How long will u be in NYC?
Tour schedule please post ❤️

Ukraine love you,dude !
Thank you
i love you musric
Listening while on my computer at work. This is just what I needed! thank you from San Antonio, Texas.
I like 'eye of the beholder' the best, I think Eye of the Beholder (album)
Thanks
Wow! Love it
Chic's music has inspired me for years. Love!
Our. Favorite for years
Love this! Thanks, NY Times & Chick! xoxo
Love  Cedar Walton as well
Chick, when in your or when needing to play "on time" like here now, how does it stay emotionally fulfilling?
Hello from Boston
How do you keep you hands so flexible and supple? 76!!! Amazing!!
I saw a Great Chick Corea concert featuring his " Children of Sanchez" music pieces many years ago in Kalamazoo, Michigan.  I can still say that his concert was one of the most outstanding concerts I have ever attended!
Cara, tu toca pra caraca!
exelent !!!
Vince Guaraldi
Wow!!! Absolutely wonderful! ❤❤❤
Yes u good girl
mesmerizing
The Prince of the Pentatonic!
Have you heard roots music from Dominican Rep. Like Pripri and Sarandunga?
I love Chick Corea!! This is so cool thank you!
So awesome!!
Legend. <3
You are amazing!!!!
Congrats Armando!!! Nothing better than The Great Master Chick, Saludos desde Argentina!!!
Legend
Respect for the master... Great
It's annoying that no talent pop musicians are celebrated more than legendary artists like chick
Absolutely UP
Armandos rhumba
Nanaimo BC on a drizzly bright day......
Wonderful ❤️
Excellent
Chick,  in my opinion, you are a great player.   The way you comp is amazing.  You writing is inspirational and you soloing is always creative.    I am looking forward to your next tour with the Lincoln Jazz Orchestra.   I do have a question for you.   Are you going to tour with the Lincoln Center Jazz Band again?    My brother's in the trumpet section and I am one of your biggest fans....   just wondering....
Nice surprise ! Wasn't expecting this a when I saw a comment waiting on FB
Miami
The man!
Return to forever!
Grande entre los grandes.
YO!!!! Awesome Chick!
👍👍👍
Name of song
I can't believe we are able to share this moment!
Fantastic. See your u In Boston at Berkee on Sunday
What does love sound like?
When did you start playing the piano?
Maravilla para los oídos.
Spain. As requested!
Pure genius.
I would have preferred a little less peddle, but the music brings life to music.  Jazz is 't
Encore❤️❤️❤️❤️
Cuando  vino al paso, llegó  a pie al teatro,  y bien accesible me cuentan, este es un gran  músico  de jazz
Spain guys. Come on
I would have preferred less pedal, but he brings life to music.  Jazz isn't my favorite, because there is no end to the noise.  It never stops.
Genial
Master
Monster
Bravo chick
Uffffff suena espectacular
Intense, brilliant, amazing 😉
In a world so bad, thank you  Chick
Now i can reach your step chick
You're still alive !
#lovethis
#lovingthis
Maestro Chick Corea✌
Think I just fell asleep 😴
When does the good part start ?
have you ever worked with Bill Dobbins?  Rich from Kent State University 1970
Gelooooooo
Dope...!! Boring at the beginning but at the 140 mark he was hitting some dope chords. Nice song!!
Since I discovered his music back in Cuba I had being hooked with his music!!!!
So beautiful
This is so exciting. I don't know how I missed it!
Lol my fav drummer plays with him!!!
Anne Slattery, next visit!
Love your music!!!!
El León del piano cuando vienes por baires
What piano make is your favorite
Merci Mr corea
Love this guy! 👏👏👏👏
Brillant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When will you play with colaiuta again?
Love those chords hey you sound just like this guy hmmm
Ethan Atencio
Boisbriand quebec
Leyenda!
Next album with band or piano duet ?
Already got tickets for Eastman Theater!
Love those chords!Hey you sound just like this guy....hmmm..his name is Chick Corea....thanks....god bless
Chick An Stanley Clark
Miles treated his audiences at a very high level?  What planet or plant on you on Chick?  Oh, never mind.  I think I know
Chicoria..an Italian favorite!
Last time I saw Miles, he snorted out his nose in front of the audience.  Gross!  What a high level, Chick Corea?:
Ce mec est juste dingue. Dès 65 il est saisissant
Beautiful
Thank you for the many years of wonderful music!
Chick rules !
Master!
Chick is magical
Full of Shi.........entology!  An unknown planet is waiting for you space cadet.
Chick rules
The best genius
A Legend
Amazing talent!
Thanks Chick. Wonderful.
Love!!!!
You have great style
Brilliant as always!
Legend ❤️
👏👏👏👏👏💫💕
Hello Chick from Singapura!!!  Please come to Java Jazz again and this time don't forget John Patitucci 😂
The best of the best!
😍
Chick woaaw great pianoman I love it ! Great your playing..greetings from Switzerland 🎹👏😎👍
Great Master
Family and gig life? Keeping the balance?
David Watson maybe Chick can help take Barbara’s place.
From BRASIL . One big Kiss for Chick
saw him live in Milan, italy more than 30 years back. I have been a fan forever
Ted Ludwig
Favourite memories of Stan Getz?
Any recording from Monterey with Herbie?
wow
Julio Arellano Pinto
The Mozart of our times!
My heart is still in Spain
Where does that come from!?  Holy Moly!
Saw him with McLaughlin in New York City few years ago. Was an eye opening experience.
Spain
Chick and Bobby McFerrin doing Mozart, sublime,!!
👍🏼
41 years ago you opened my ears! Thanks for the Musicmagic!
How do you prepare for and play so many different forms of music?
no one like Chick to me
no one like Chick to me
Ooh!
Awesome!
Could you explain or demonstrate your ways to reharmonize a standard piece?
Amazing!
I saw you play in 1982 in winter park, Colorado. My first introduction to jazz. Thank you for that!
around 5 years ago, i had the possibility to sing Lullaby of Birdland in munic, with you and Bobby Mc Ferrin. I never will forget..! Thank you so much🎶
Special
Erik Desiderio
Dude is brilliant!
i wish you could be my piano teacher🍀🎶
Love Chick Corea!!
I love the way you 'hear' music and musical ideas. Did you always hear music in your head differently than others at an early age?
Sounds 'Leprechaunish' -
Indeed, a Chic Magnet! From South Carolina, USA.
Senor Mouse!!
Armando rumba
You're my hero!
Chick Corea has been The Master my entire life. Blue Note is lucky to have him.
Bravo!!'
Leprechaun - An American Classic!!
❤️😱❤️
Chick you're so awesome I've been your fan for over forty years!
what is the worst  advice you've ever heard?
The Blue is a legend for blues and jazz. We should go Benj
The legend!! Great !!
Good to hear him again! Makes me want to take out my vinyl recodings of him!
What a treat!
I love the way you 'hear' music. Did you always hear music differently than others as a young child, before you started to write and create?
Maestro
Thanks for bringing happiness to me and many of my friends since the early 1970s. :D
Master
Return to forever
Glad to hear him again.
Masterful!
Aw man.....such a great artist!!!
How long will he be there?
Bright, Chuck.
Do you have a process for firing up your inspiration and creative imagination? Especially when writing a song???
YAAAAASSSSS!!
Love from the City of Sisterly Affection.
Lov ya Chick, coz.
Take a few moments  . . .enjoy.
I'm a huge fan of his!
Tony, I agree!
Beautiful! !!!!
Master corea God bless you thanks for being an inspiration
You've come a long way Pilgrim.........
Louie Hehman this is for you.
Chic... My Spanish Heart!
Thanks for thinking of me, Paula!! I LOVE Chick Corea, one of the best pianists alive!!
Outstanding!
Gracias, un honor  this streaming
👌
❤
Extarordinarioo...maestro!!!...ojalá tenga otra oportunidad de escucharlo en vivo como hace 2 años cuando vino a Chile
I love his composition! 
I will perform Chick's Concerto No.1 for Marimba and Orchestra in Verona,Italy next week. He is jazz icon but great composer too! 
His Orchestration is amazing!
Hey Chick, I'm a huge fan, any chance you can play Eternal child
🙌💕💞 💗 💝
Clap, clap!!!
Chile otra vez!!!
Master chick...
Хочется слушать всегда!Браво
Get out
My soul is free !!
Love you Chick!
Beautiful
Meu ídolo
Saw him decades ago in Berkeley...soothes the heart...Go Chick!
Both relaxing and invigorating at the same time. LoVE the fresh fall sounds!
Marcos
Mahavishnu Orchestra!
Pls come to Singapore ...😊😊
Sublime.
Shhhhh just listen!!!🎉
Return to Forever
Jealous
Bless you....
"Spain," please? 😀
Michele Hanlin
Do you take any kind of special care of your hands?
One of my greats artist.  Best those keys up
Cheers from area 23
The best
this is my key's hero!
That was freaking awesome!
Noooo....ojalá...Vamos con la Amelia y Simón...jajaja
A Master
Will Mr. Corea come to Boise, ID? Moved here from east coast and wish to have more legendary artists' venues. There are many music lovers here. 🎶❤️
Never tire of his incredible artistry.
So beautiful
Monica Schimenes
Thank you.
Always great 🎹
Chuck is my favorite contemporary keyboardist.  Hope to see you when you come to CA again.
Welcome to riviera maya jazz festival
Coolest
T-T   So beautiful 💕
Saw Chick with the original RTF in Houston in the 70’s!😎
Lenox 2012 🎶😃
Master of masters
Love him !
Armando’s Rumba???
Hey!
LEGEND!!
Melodic minor or diminished over 7flat nine from Guilford Ct l was in 2012 Lenox think for yourself class
Stop
I'm in heaven thanks
What song do you enjoy performing the most?
Amazing
Bravo. Gracias por su música maestro.
That was amazing! So lovely.
Dave
🇭🇺🎻🎶🎼
que tal Hermeto?
Robert Sewell
Marco Zuddas
Great find! ... he played here in Juneau with Bela Fleck...!
Who is your most current influence?
You are the BEST. god bless you.
Beautiful
I discovered his music in a small jazz club in Montreal 40 years ago and am still hooked on his music
One of the greatest.
Kay Lima
Jared Tracy the sparkling touch
I'm going to lose my cotton-picking mind over this!!
Wendy!
Butler Knowles
Wish he would come back to Boston..
Ligth as a feather
Bryndon Scott
A Master
Wow, so romantic
My favorite jazz pianist
Haruki Gonai TheFlore IsLava
Nice touch!
Simply the best
Always loved Chick Corea, he is a master!
Amazing !😀
Does not get better
Alright, alright, alright! Hi chick! How cool is that? The coolest man!
How cool is that? The coolest man! Hi chick
When are you playing in London?
concerto memorabile a Ferrara in aprile. Adoro Chick Corea .
Inarrivabile
Perfect! Thank you Chick! For your creation in the world of music !!!👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼❤️
My idol and legend musicians...God bless you Chick...🎹👍😃
Great Mr. Chick Corea !... Hope to follow your steps at least @ 0,1%
precious and with spanish remembrances :)
Alex J. Anstey
Thanks for this great session.  It was fantastic.
Gonna see him on Sunday night in  Boston at Berklee Performance Center
Have seen Mr. Correa about a dozen times, the first time was in 1976. Will be seeing him again in  Boston this Sunday  Oct 1 at Berklee Performance Center!
Hi Chick, (very serious question) why do you make Music? (Welle of course you can make a living from it - but what is driving you?)
He is the best!
Very great!
Fantastic!
Perfect! Thank you NY Times for sharing this performance with us.
👏👏👏👏
La classe e la personalità di sempre
I would like to be there.....
Art. Substance. Inspiring!
This man is truly a GENIUS!!!
The best of the best!
Thank you, New York Times!
Number 1 in contemporary Jazz music, or should I say in just
contemporary Music.
When are you coming to Barcelona man?

I love your work!
Wish you long life and good health
I saw him perform in the mid 80's at Ronnie Scott's club where he played piano for 4 hours non stop an exceptionally gifted artist.
Jeremy Moon
A genius only one.
Armandos!! Since my childhood I'm listening and loving this song!!! 🤘🤘🤘
Wonderful
when can I expect you in UK next time?
Maestro you are my hero, you are the best!
Ukraine love you!!!!)))
Beautiful.. thanks❤️
Gros Pd !!!
Moreira Chonguica 100% Moz,,,halla
Gustavo Florencio Fernandes vai até o fim :)
che tocco sublime...una leggenda!!!!!
the duel of the jester and the tyrant
Melanie Tripp
haha!!! E ele complicou  a convenção!! Muito bom!! Valeu!!😘
Gustavo Florencio Fernandes Maravilhoso - e com 76!
I want making music,too
The man❤️
A great maestro !!!
Good to know u r still playing,Chic!!! Wishing u God speed
Sim, maravilhoso!!! E ele emagreceu  bastante.
Genious! Any upcoming concerts in Portugal?
Great! 😍 😉 😀 👏
Regards from Budapest
go Chick go!
My favorite  !!
The best . El gran maestro... ( Argentina)
IDOL👍👍
Wonderfull
The master
Very sophisticated
A huge fan...
Master at work!!
Votre musique est respire la joie
Davis Teague
Looking forward to being at Opening Night!
Armando’s Rhumba
:-) un mito !
Who do you think is the most infuencial young jazzmusicians today?
Ownn, 👏👏👏❤
Sen bu dünyaya gelmiş bir nı mersin müzisyenler için
Saw in Cincinatti and they were excellent!
Firat Sezgin
Sei un grande!!!
Maestro ❤️❤️❤️

Great talent.
Inspiring & uplifting & truly beautiful!
To watch his hands & fingers is amazing!  No music; totally by EAR; what a gift & he is sharing it as musician, teacher, entertainer, mentor, & unique pianist
Armando I  Like Your Latin Sound Harmony and Digital Melody
I know yo Like to play in Houston we Love your Music
❤️
Can't wait to see him perform this Sunday Berklee Performance Center!!!
Arigato!
My favorite  of ALL TIME , LOVE YA BRO
Cool.
I know it's a long way but we'd love to see you in Sydney Australia
Splendid, one of our living treasures.
Spirit!
How much practicing, alone, do you still do?  length of time...what you practice....etc.
saw you at the Blue Note NYC with Brecker....
what instrument would you most like to play....besides piano?
aside from yourself....who do you consider to be the greatest living pianist?
Spain ?
coolness :P
free...and no cover!! 😁
big respect to the talented composer and greatest piano jazz player! light as a feather!
Goedzo
God of al time jazz
Awesome!
I'm a fan!🤗
My man Chick!
Nick Sennett
J'aime
Thank you Chick, great inspirator from the time of Return To Forever
Antonia Gaudig
Jordan Lynch
@jay Chadwick
Geniale come sempre
immer noch Nr. 1 NY Erlebnis!!!
Chick Corea and the Return of the Seventh galaxy.  Sublime!
Big Fan of your music !! You are very inspiring!
Brillant !!!
Brilliant!!!
My favorite jazz artist!!!
What was your inspiration for working with Gary Burton after your electric jazz reportoire?
Udaman chick
Love you Chick!!!!
Aw c'mon....  your just making that stuff up...
We love you Chick!
Great Job Chick Corea God bless you
Nicholas Hung
God bless you Chick🙏🙏🙏
Dang that's lit
And Geneva? We have delicious pain au chocolat and great coffee.... Tea.... Beer joints.... Wine bars....
One of the greatest legends of jazz for me
Chick Corea and Herbie Hancock.... Boston School of Music, late 70s...surrounded by brilliant young musician friends.... Blew me away with the sheer beauty of excellence, ease and unique sound. Stirs these memories.. Thank you!
Grande!!!
Going to see you in Boston on Sunday looking forward to it
Nunber one
He's just the best and that's all there is to it.
Superb!
Gorgeous music from a magical musician!
Alex!
Martin Massey
Patrick--expect you know this icon....
Master 🙏🏻
Awesome playing. Saw you at the Monterey Jazz Festival with Herbie
O cara
Did not know that he lives in Clearwater! ! Would love to see him perform sometime!
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom 💥... Master, Legend🔥
Hi
I can do better
Fabulous pianist 👍👍
Thank you Chick for your lovely music !!!
Great music great performer.
Thank you Chick, 30 years listening...unique master
Beautiful !!!
I hear fur Elise, Chopin.. ..all sorts
😎
He's the best and played with the best : )
Bravo!
Lovely 😊
Un concerto en direct!! 😊
Great Chick
Mis respetos para uno de los mejores músicos del mundo.
aaaw ❣️
Very top
The torch from the past still burns. Capture it in time.
j'ai pensé à toi en voyant ça. C'est du bon dans mes oreilles haha
I saw Chick Corea a few years back in Michigan.  I've never seen someone so very happy to be at the piano - what a joy!
So beautiful. Thank you, Chick!
Yes!
Excelente Músico
I loved Chick Corea and Return to Forever..!  🎹🎶❤
Ine off the beso pianista off this era!
Watching from Lake California......
Top.
Thank you, Chick . Great!!
When are you coming to Chicago, Chick Corea  ?
Simplemente maravilloso.
Great!!!
Maestro Chick Corea !!!!!! 🎹
un abbraccio
jazz should be played in a dim dark place
world's greatest jazz man....Bless you Chick !!!!!!
Looking fit Chick! Hoping you'll visit London again soon!
Unique Chick ❤️
Animal de las teclas
Now Worth A Trip To NYC
Nicole you shared that because I work at the NEW YORK TIMES  , Lol
❤️❤️❤️when do you come to Italy????
Demais!
AWESOME
Thanks for sharing your talent with the world, we need it.
Simon Patchett
Lo sigo hace más de cuarenta años maestro, desde que escuche el duende, a los doce años
great 🎹❤️
Legend !
Выдающий jazzman!! Electrik Band👍
Awesome & Beautiful...
you seem to be back to your "spanish hearth" dear Chick Corea
Armando's Rhumba <3
Spainnn detected <3
Love love love
What's the best about playing?
awesoooome!
Hey Master!...special regards from Bogotá Colombia
Tks! The New York Times!
When are you gonna play concert for 2 pianos with Hiromi and simphony orchestra?
Great!
Best of the best
Maestro
Incrível
Amazing musician. Love it.
Virtuous
Chick. Please come to Playhouse in Cleveland. It would be lovely to hear your music in person.
Bethany Rae Richards
No sound ?
Looking great cuz , always watching always listening❤️
Great performance!
saw him in Dublin ,Ireland in July amazing
GREAT musician and composer!
cool
Bravo Chick!!! we love you!!
Great playing!! Thanks
An inspiration. I know and worked with Chuck..
Thnks  What a way to begin my dy.
Corea one of the best ever!
Stay on Rhodes, more to your style
C H I C K !!!!
D U D E !!!!
Saki Taira Have you seen this?
Ci vediamo a Roma tra qualche mese.
Grande chick!!!
Thank you for playing the Jacksonville jazz fest this year's
Chick!!!
A true and unique personal style, you can recognize him from millions of pianist
Wow 😳
He has Calabria origin
Chick, what was your favorite collaboration?
Master!!!
Pas facile ....
REAL ARTIST! LOVE IT!
My first introduction was on Return to Forever!
Always amazing!!!!
Aside from Frank Gambale, who are some of your favourite guitar players you've played with?
Sounds great!
Чик Кореа записал альбом ,,Возвращение навсегда,, один из моих любимых.И он играл в лучших записях Майлса Дэвиса.
love it... !
No one cares!  They are too busy crying about NFL players
Mi bella Isla que triste :-(
Marleen Caraballo
The five ex Presidents of the United States of America have joined together to aid Puerto Rico.  The Dotard meanwhile will be tweeting us into WW lll.
Rural Aid Youth Association (RAYA)
Yikes
Trump doesn't care for our brothers and sisters of our nation.
Where's the emergency plan to restore Puerto Rico? There's only so much donations can do. We need a National Plan put forth by our leaders who have the power to send everything necessary. What does it take to get them to respond?
Any tweets from Trump yet? Any announcement on his visit to the islands? Any words of encouragement to fellow Americans? 

Watch, listen, learn, and most of all, never forget.... 😎
Meanwhile, do whatever you can to donate through vetted private organizations, religious groups, etc.
They need our help. Hey 45! Can you stop creating chaos long enough to pay attention to your real job? If not we need someone who can to be in charge. ASAP
Puerto Rico is well over $80B in debt and has defaulted on their debt more than once. Federal employees still received over $120M in Christmas bonuses though while we get saddled with their debt.
I dont know, but it seems like that island is going to be inhabitable conditions for like a year.
....
The dotard is just today sending FEMA
FEMA has been down there since Irma hit. The military should be arriving with supplies if they aren't already there. 

https://www.facebook.com/FEMA/posts/10155287205144965
This is part of America. Where is Trump? Oh that's right, attacking Americans who express their constitutional rights.
God's wrath. Pray to Him!!
Brenda Liz Hernandez-Medina Brilliant response. Sorry the brutal truth makes you uncomfortable.
https://www.cnbc.com/2015/12/21/puerto-rico-government-pays-christmas-bonuses.html
God  bless
I hope not :-(
Roberto Moreno It's not enough.                     http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/25/us/hurricane-maria-puerto-rico/index.html
Roberto Moreno I'm really glad to hear this. I haven't read about this response and I'd begun to think that we'd forgotten them.
Dave Fishers What does that have to do with them being decimated by a hurricane and flooding?
That is not true, so stop it. Help if you can ,if not cállate la maldita boca.
Butbutbutbut FOOTBALL and Alabama!
He's too preoccupied with NFL players.
What's he so mad at Puerto Rico about? 🙄
They speak Spanish there, so it must be a different country in the eyes of Trump.
Anything and everything he can manage to distract from his failures is their plans. Focus his base on something totally different to cover up for his constant ineptitude.
It may take decades to recover but with progressively stronger storms they may never recover
Julia Long The entire island's infrastructure is crumbling because of decades of poor financial policies and mismanaged/corrupt government. The significant amount of damage from this storm is directly related to that.

Was that too hard for you to understand?
Stephanie
Are you helping Dave?
Dave Fishers And? Are you saying they don't deserve help?
Faudy F Familia that's very bad .
Kate Rowland Peabody: this is what I'm talking about.......
Let the people of Puerto Rico test himself from what they failed. Let them confess their sins to God!!. And obey His Commandments! By the way, God is not mad at anyone. He knows ristrictly what to do. Please don't scold your creater!!
17 tweets from the Dotard about sports since Saturday. Meanwhile, 3.5 million Americans are without power and food in Puerto Rico. Trump could care less because they cannot vote.
Yes. Exactly. On top of 3.4 million stranded US citizens...on top of the 17 billion debt prior to hurricane.  This is big and leading nowhere good
If it's not a state that puts money in Trump's pockets, he's gonna be a no show.
Feels like when Bear Sterns collapsed and no one knew what that meant

Julia Long He was a Home Depot employee. Must have lost his job from our boycotts or just whatever.
😥😥😥
Luke our beloved plátanos!
And trump has yet to say a word about Puerto Rico. Guess taking a knee is more important!
He said the day of the hurricane that he will be visiting Puerto Rico. Why would you libertards doubt that?  It really is not safe yet. He has spoken about Puerto Rico several times. I'm sure he will be donating as well---Did you hear of the other 5 donating a red cent to any hurricane effort???
Very sad reality
You sick twisted idiot.
So? I hurt my foot yesterday.
Hey Mary, I live in SWFL, he came here when it wasn't safe. He was in Texas when it wasn't safe. Why can't you indoctrinated morons see the difference? The other 5 are not the current president. 

Be thankful for your shoulders Mary. It keeps your head from going any deeper than your neck...
the stupid losers of the demoniocRAT`S  are dragging the country into a civil war
Someone else in office
Could you please feature this? Someone posted it on Sen. Sanders' page.  mr sanders we have a emergency in a town called levitown in puerto rico parcela #733 calle rosa, levitown 787-702 -5678 2 elders in need of oxygen tanks no help from anyone yet please get the message out there we need help please !,i am from miamibeach florida,and i am in desperate need of help
I don't really care whether he Tweets about us or not, as long as he provides the aid necessary. So far FEMA has been down in PR since wednesday, both the US Navy and Army have been deployed to the island, and efforts are being pushed in Congress to send the U.S.S. N Comfort. About 10,000 Federal workers arr already on the island, and the US Marine reservists in the island, along with the National Guard have been activated as of last hour.
As long as you are recieving the same amount of aid, preferred more, than us here in Florida Hector. Even though we are recovering, we are doing everything we can to help.
What does that have to do with the price of tea in China? Are you expecting them to suffer it back?
So sad ❤️😞🇵🇷🙏🏼

Maria, they'll never stop saying Maria...
45....this is where you need to focus and be a man.
😵
Wow this sucks 😢😢😢
Dave Fishers we do understand but what I don't understand is by saying that are you saying it's ok to let U.S. citizens die!
Pray for hope.
Where is the red cross? Where is the Clinton foundation?
Kayla Smith
Thank you to the The New York Times editors and business staff for FINALLY deciding to take down the paywall for Hurricane María after 6 days of emergency. It is vital that as many people as possible read what is going on in Puerto Rico and the state of emergency in which it is. Wider coverage from the media can get them the help they need.
Yeah but the NFL
🙏🏼
So this is what happened to our plantain chips!
JEhovah Wins Demons  Go starve then I remember when your country was going through a humanitarian crisis and who stepped up to the plate? America..... and we in PUERTO RICO are a God loving nation. You have no right to open your ignorant mouth and speak such blasphemy. It is truely sickening and not only unchristian like or whatever your higher power is may the Lord punish u for not having sympathy for people who DESERVE FOOD WATER SHELTER TO BE COMUNICATING WITH LOVED ONES. You are truely disgusting  pray that the LORD does not take you and your family. I think that you are full of demons
Does anyone know how long it takes for crops like plantains to recover?  Is it like a fruit tree orchard where the trees take years to grow and produce fruit, or is it like corn that grows in a single season?  I honestly don't know, hoping someone can educate me.
NOT THE PLANTAINS OMG WHY
احنا عندنا موز ليكم كويس حاجا تعجبكم اووى ده بلدى وبيزحلق ههههههه
But 45 tweets about the NFL and NBA. SMH!
My heart hurts.
He tweeted about the debt Puerto Rico owes.  Does that help?
And most of then don't carry insurance
Mary Forbes first of all, Puerto Rican's are Americans. It's not a donation, it's a simple fact of what should be done. 
If you were stranded with no food, water, power, any communication I'm sure you would be unhappy.
#viequeslove 🇵🇷
What kind of plant do you farming????
He tweeted something about how much PR owes Wall Street a little while ago - as if that's at all relevant.
Héctor Armando Sánchez García Don't forget the US Coast Guard! They're delivering badly needed supplies.
We all knew it was going to be different from the previous disasters. Though it looks like political pressure is getting to him. It is being reported now that he is actually going to the islands to see the damage first hand.
thanks, our island needs more of your coverage of the crisis that 3.5 million American Citizens have.
where are the millionaires?they must share their blessings in life.
The need for food and water is desperate.
Dave Fishers, People like you that have really teeny tiny itty bitty penises love to go on Facebook and spew political rhetoric when human beings are suffering and need help. Go back to your room in your parents basement, fire up your laptop, click on your link to PornHub in your favorites folder, and go back to doing what you do best. The rest of us are going to do our best to help out our fellow Americans in need.
Now all the plantains have been lowered to a perfect level for animals to munch on. There is a silver lining. I'm sure many enjoyable snacks will be had by critters.

I never have anything better than these. If these're not arts and politics, what can it be.
And what exactly does this have to do with helping the citizens of our country? How many states, etc. have defaulted on federal loans?
Should causing extensive damage to our planets atmosphere oceans and ecosystems with CO2 by politicians (LAW MAKERS) and corporate leaders be recognized as criminal acts acts of ecocide under international law? www.EndEcocide.org
America First, Puerto Rico............?
Ask why they are not doing Air Drops!? There are 13 C17s at the Air Force Base in South Carolina that can air drop big pallets of lots of stuff!! Let's please ask the military to do it over Puerto Rico! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PysQYJorg-s
AMERICAN AIRLINES...
Honoring Puerto Rican roots? What about puertorrican lives? I just want and need to share this.... A Cancer Patient was sponsored by a philanthropist that took her plane to bring supplies to Vieques, Puerto Rico.  What act of kindness!  The private plane departure from San Juan Isla Grande was delayed because of logistical problems with the airport, fuel and many other complications. That patient and her family were supposed to leave San Juan at 1:00 pm.  Then, they were taking an AA flight from Miami to Houston, where she is going to get cancer treatment. The private  plane finally left at 7:37 pm. (There severe communications challenges to talk with people on the ground in Puerto Rico) As soon as I got a confirmation that the plane left, I called American to inform of the situation with that person and explore the possibility to put them in another flight MIAMI-HOUSTON. As soon as I called, I talked to Elizabeth in Customer Service, gave her private flight tail number and all details. She was very compassionate about the situation of this person that is in leaving Puerto Rico to be able to continue her cancer treatment interrupted by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. She told me that she can do nothing to help because of the fare acquired was TOO Restrictive. (What is the fare that someone evacuating for humanitarian reasons is going to get?) She transferred me to a Supervisor, Mr. Pedro Hurtado. He was very respectful and compassionate about this situation. I spend more than one hour with him on the phone trying ways to help this family. After him talking to many departments (Fares, Resolutions... etc) Him, with a very sad voice, told me that he did everything he could to help me, but his hands were tide because of the operational policies of American Airlines. The only option was buying another plane ticket at a flight tomorrow.   Her son  told me to buy the ticket (with resources they don't have) however, because of this never-ending efforts of this incredible American Employees, all flights were sold out. Right now, this cancer patient is on the air flying to Miami Opa-Locka airport with the hope that she will be able to board a plane to Houston to receive her life saving chemotherapies for Metastatic Uterine Cancer. She and her families will sadly discover that aren't going to be able to board a plane to continue her treatment. So many efforts, so many sacrifices organized in only 24 hours will be thrown away just because American is trying to apply "regular policies" for exceptional humanitarian situations. The only response we got is a simple NO, we can't do nothing."  And then, "No its too late, we are all booked". Anyways, as of this moment they are paying double to bring her to Houston in a United Airlines Flight. They will have to even pay a hotel tonight to board a plane tomorrow. What's going on with AMERICAN??? Knowing the humanitarian crisis people of Puerto Rico are going through, there is no even a bit a sensitivity for cases like this? Sadness, frustration and pain is what we are felling... Is there someone on American reading this that can do something to help this family? All money spent on this situation is money that won't be used to cover her cancer treatment.
#PuertoRicoSeLevanta
The suffering happening in Puerto Rico is completely unnecessary and utterly unconscionable in this day and age.
Jessica AC
Jesus. This is GRIM! So many families are going to be destitute! For decades!
This is so wrong it makes me cry. What are the world leaders doing to stop this from happening? What is the UN there for??
Sick world!
Bangladesh is not a rich country but their people have kind heart which most of the rich countries lack,, So, in my opinion Bangladesh is rich because it has possession of something which is becoming rare in this world now "kindness and whole heartiness".
Even though the cruelty is so apparent, the silence of the Myanmar premier is what baffles everyone!
Ruth Oviedo
Hundreds of thousands?!
"No Rohingya in Myanmar History.
https://www.facebook.com/asarkani/videos/10155745244175909/
The Rohingyas are mostly neglected people among all other minority. Huge discrimination has shown in their social & financial life.They have deprived from education, deprived in public service & remain off in politics. They completely banned in freedom of speech even they do not visit capital city as well.Extremist Bhuddist are killing them continually, police & army set fire to their home.
Too bad the Rohingya's militants attacked many govt stations in Aug and the govt of Myanmar retaliated against the civilians...this is a travesty. But the militants are partially to blame for using the civilians as pawns...it radicalizes more of their population to attack the Myanmar govt in general...old guerrilla  war tactics...
Ro Anwar Arkani
Mary Kunze
#Rohin is telling lies.

There is a very simple answer to the matter of British pratice. 
There was no such identity as ' Rohingya' known to the British Governments of either 
India until 1937 or of Burma after the separation from India on 1 April of that year.
In the 122 years between their conquest of Arakan in 1826 and Burmese independence in 1948,
not a single reference to ' Rohingya' is to be found in any British official report, regional gazetteer, census, legislation,
private correspondence or personal reminiscence.

Muslims of Arakan have always called themselves ' Ronhingya' , for which there is simply no credible historical evidence.

And end should be brought to the nonsensical assertions of their supporters that the ' Rohingya' are all illeggal immigrants
from Bengal.

But supporters of Rakhine Muslims overseas should at the same time acknowledge that the particular designation
'Rohingya' had no serious historical validity prior to independence in 1948.

Derek Tokin,
former British Ambassador to Thailand, Vietnam and Laos, 
is an advisor to Bagan Capital Limited and Editor of Network Myanmar.

Actually, I don't know these are rights information or not.
But one thing is sure that they have no credible historical evidence indeed.

However, we should aware of  all of them are not illegal immigrants.
According to right to personal identity, we should call them 'Rohingya' when they  back off from telling they are indigenous enthic peoples.

But, not this time.
So, what should we call them ' Rohinliar'  or ' Rohinnya'?  Coz they love to tell lies all the time.
Muslim Militants Allegedly Kill Hindus, 45 Bodies Unearthed in Rakhine: Community Leader

A member of the security forces stands near a pit where Hindu bodies were found on Sunday. / Supplied
857
YANGON – Security forces unearthed 45 dead Hindus, including six children, near Ye Baw Kya village in northern Maungdaw Township, Rakhine State, according to a statement issued by the government’s Information Committee and later reports from a Hindu community leader.

The government’s statement — based on Hindu community leader U Ni Mal’s testimony — on Sunday said members of Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) arrested some 100 men and women from several Hindu villages in Kha Maung Seik village tract on Aug. 25 and killed the majority of abductees.

U Ni Mal told The Irrawaddy this afternoon after he and villagers assisted security forces in searching for additional burial sites.

The community leader claimed the 45 deceased were brutally killed and some were beheaded or had their throats slit. Among the bodies were 20 women, 19 men, and six children. A mass grave of 28 was found of Sunday, with 17 discovered on Monday afternoon.

Twenty eight bodies were unearthed in Rakhine State’s Maungdaw Township on September 24. ��(Photo: Thuta Zaw/ Facebook)
U Ni Mal said that the Hindu community had verbally and officially requested that authorities and Arakan National Party lawmakers looks into the deaths, but that there were delays due to security concerns.

The UN estimates that some 500 Hindus fled to Bangladesh after Muslim militants attacked border police posts on August 25 and resulting Myanmar Army security clearance operations have followed. The refugees are sheltering in makeshift camps on the Bangladesh border alongside a UN-estimated 420,000 self-identifying Rohingya Muslims.

U Ni Mal expressed that the Hindu community “wants justice” for these attacks.

Some 30,000 Hindus and Buddhists in Maungdaw were also displaced to other areas in Rakhine State after military clearance operations began following Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army attacks on border police posts.

During a visit by The Irrawaddy’s reporter in early September, some Hindus expressed that they would no longer live alongside Muslims in Maungdaw if the government planned to relocate them.

“We are not comfortable living alongside them anymore,” said U Ni Mal.
CNA apologised.
On Sep 19, we published a video on Facebook which showed interviews with several refugees who had fled across the border of Myanmar into Bangladesh. 

The refugees were reacting to a speech by Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi on the situation in Rakhine. The comments by the refugees in Rohingya were translated by a locally engaged Bangladeshi translator, who was assisting our reporter on the ground, and subtitled in English on the video. 

It was subsequently brought to our attention that part of the translated comments were inaccurate. After further checks on the translation provided to us, we decided that the original translation was inaccurate. 

We have removed the video. We apologise for the error.
This is Allah's will.

To question it is heresy
Thanks for the coverage 
Kindly my appeal to every country every organization and every person on earth to take off the lense of religious   cultural ethnic difference
Just see every one through the prism of humanity then you will feel the real pain encapsulated in the  atrocities and minsiries they face.
Key Key Late How do you know that they were killed by the Rohingya?  It's just a propaganda by the murderous Myanmar Army, which has a long history of killing minorities all over the country. It is not even logical, how come a ragtag insurgent group has enough time to kill and hide the bodies during a province-wide military campaign to exterminate the Rohingya? And if they are really killed by the Rohingyas why they will try to hide the dead body? The sole reason for such killing is to create terror in the mind of others but with the bodies buried and half of the population fleeing how come they serve any purpose? Its clear that the real killers are the Tatmadaw..
Kay Kay Late Stop this lie. The first British entry regarding Rohingya was from 1763.
17 More Hindus Dead bodies who were killed by ARSA found in Northern Rakhine, total of Hindus dead bodies reached to 45 Now. https://t.co/jLw3u7ivpj
17 More Hindus Dead bodies who were killed by ARSA found in Northern Rakhine, total of Hindus dead bodies reached to 45 Now. https://t.co/jLw3u7ivpj
Every Muslim is not a terrorist but every terrorist around the world is Muslim.. you got it
You are such a shameless low human. Your type terrorists are performing and encouraging ethnic  cleansing on them. And you are  saying what? You third rate human. Those Hindus must have been killed  by Buddhist  Terrorists...those  who are killing these  Rohingya people
Nikl Nilop Rohingyas are not the first ethnic minority being killed by you. Your murderous Army has been killing minorities for 70 years. So people will not believe in your lies. It's very apparent that this terrorist attack is also fabricated. The attack happened on August 24 just before the Kofi Annan committee submit their report, a report that actually recommended to grant citizenship to Rohingyas!! Very convenient, isn't it?
Nytimes do some real reporting find out the truth the origins of why they were banished their links to terrorists etc. 🤔🤔
Every Muslim is not a terrorist but every terrorist around the world is Muslim.. you got it
The Ministry of Truth, I mean NYT is working overtime in trying to whip up sympathy for Islamic militants who started a rebellion in Burma.
our san suu aunty is so beautiful and she is a peace loving women.
Report on the tent cities outside US cities
No military should target civilians, that will only feed a militant insurgency, not combat it. Learn from America's catastrophic mistakes! Targeting the Rohingya has produced only suffering for hundreds of thousands of children and families AND done nothing to stop any insurgency in Myanmar. If you destroy people's lives, expose them to horrific violence - however justified you may feel it is - all you are left with are broken traumatized people with a lot of anger and nothing to lose. Terrible, tragic actions bound to fail at their objective, unless that objective is simply to destroy these communities.
Kay Kay Late that's not even CLOSE to true. Why would you say something so completely false?
Right and that justifies a genocide.
I love what you've said. We need to put humanity above everything else. Be kind to one another for the sake of humanity.
the only thing whipping up sympathy is the suffering of hundreds of thousands of innocent people fleeing for their lives. You can't combat terrorism or terrorist insurgencies by targeting entire groups of people, many of whom are innocent. Just ask the US, we've tried it and the consequences are disastrous. At this point in history, after we've seen this play out again and again, this conduct is indefensible - and they will not satisfy their objective, unless their objective is sheerly destruction of every last Muslim. That isn't strategy - that's ethnic cleansing.
trying to understand...why aren't there any UN or  Red Cross missions to bring food ?
The world is watching but also God the almighty, he cares and is going to take action soon
Last time I read books and articles about Buddhist saying they are the most merciful people on earth ,what changed them, or it's just another religious war .
Yeah, this "human rights /ethnic cleansing" argument means nothing to the Burmese. All they have to do is look west to Afghanistan to see their future. You do know that Afghanistan was once a florishing Buddhist country was was destroyed by Islam.
So u want to punish all Muslims because few militant groups .
Lol Debra Morris its true you should stay in there areas before saying that.we used to have a cricket team in school where Muslim kids forms as a Muslims team and play against other lol this is insanity
Horrible...
Such a bloody shameless Buddhist terrorist u r ...!!! Burmese Buddhist r terrorist .
So true
Kay Kay Late တရြာလံုးနဲ့တေယာက္
တကမၻာလံုးနဲ့ တနိုင္ငံ
မင္းသာမွန္တယ္ဆိုေတာ့ 
ႏြားေတြလို့ေျပာတာ နာစရာလား။
Shaiful Islam not as you and your ridiculous religion Islam 
a bunch of born terrorists for centuries butchering people around the world spreading hate and terror.

Sammy Prado how did you get admitted in the university? Afghanistan was once a buddhist country? Where did you get that history from? By the way, do you even know where Afghanistan is?
Speech less,the world leaders need some kind of action now before is going worse.
And nothing about killings by Rohingya militants.  So typical of the fair mindedness and depth of Times reporting.
Mohammad Islam yes, there were other religions in Afghanistan before Islam. I'm sorry that that is a shock for you, but its true. You do realize that largest ancient statue of the Buddha was once located in Afghanistan? You know the one that the Taliban destroyed in 2001. Did you forget? I'm glad I could remind you.
Kay Kay Late, no, I do not get this. Genocide and ethnic cleansing done my Mynmar Army and Rakhine buddist clearly proved all buddist are sub-human, animal.
Thousands of videos and images of raping, killing even newborn child, torture, burning of villages made us speechless and angry. Wonder, howcome buddist peoples whom we respect deeply could do such inhuman atrocities!  Isn't  any good soul amongst you Myanmar people!  You made us so sad and angry.
Sophie Muller
You need to develop some shame. You are supporting terrorism and genocide against  innocent people.You are such a low and third rate human...yuck
ignorance nd stupidez do just this.🤔🤔😥..
None of these reports from the military have been confirmed. Even if they are, that does not justify genocide.
Katie Jo Knaub
Sofia Panaccio excellent reportage
Why does American media try to cover up what these Islamic radicals have done to their hosts? Good for the people of Myanmar, thinking people all over the world stand with you. And it further illuminates the cowardice of western "media."
Hard to imagine their miserable life's.
UN should take immediate legal action against miyanmar Buddhist terrorist
Kay Kay Late, Duddupudi Chowdary Yeah thats so true and thats why hindus are fleeing to Bangladesh alongside Rohingyas...

Why didnt they go to rangoon? Why did they choose to flee to Bangladesh with the muslims? 

you piece of garbage!
Yes Rohingiya Muslim militants also attacked Hindu Rohingya in Mayanmar and then Muslim Refugee Rohingiyas attacked Hindu Refugee Rohingiyas.Hindu Rohingiyas are the most persecuted minority who have no voice and really no one to listen to.
Rohingiyas are muslim bangadeshsis. Stop fooling the world.
We think we have problems...we should all be ashamed of ourselves!!!
Shame of myanmer
Sammy You  Hate Monger Illiterate idiot. Learn Buddhism history first. It is an Indian Religion started by a Hindu (Budha). It got very popular in India for a while. But then Hindu fanatics retaliated. killed millions of Buddhists  and kicked them  out of India. When Islam came to Central Asia, Buddhists were already gone long ago. Most of current Afghans are descendants of Jews who are part of last tribes in Jewish History. But how can I teach History to a brainless hate monger?
I'm not sure, but I listened to a discussion the other day with a reporter that spent many years covering Myanmar. She explained that the Prime Minister of Bangladesh shook Donald Trump's hand last week at the UN, but didn't bother asking for any help from him (the US), because she did not believe that it would be well received.
Sakib Jalal , Alexander Lopez-Perez , Cecilia Salazar , Anthony Mollica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onK9GAnWXUg
woaahh :O
vraiment intéressant
😱😰😰
This is soo crazy 😢
U go and worship stones thats what u r better off..
အသံတိတ္ သုသာန္ေျမ မွေက်းဇူး တင္သံ
*********************************

ေက်းဇူးပါ BBC
ငါ တို ့ေျမျမ ုပ္ရာ ကို ကင္မရာ နဲ႕ကြယ္ေပး တဲ႕ အတြက္

ေက်းဇူး ပါ CNN
သင္တို ့ သူတို ့ရဲ႕ အနုပညာ ေျမာက္တဲ႕ မ်က္ရည္ေတြ ကို မလြတ္တမ္း တင္ဆက္ ေနခ်ိန္ မွာ 
ငါ တို ့ရဲ႕ လည္ေခ်ာင္းေသြးေတြ ဟာ ေျမျကီး ထဲကို တိတ္တဆိတ္ စိမ့္ဝင္ သြား ခဲ႕ျပီ။

ေက်းဇူးပါ Time magazine 
အလွပ ဆံုး မ်က္ နွာ ဖံုး အတြက္
သင့္ေျကာင့္ ငါ တို ့ အားလံုး ရံႊႏြံ ေအာက္ဖံုး ခံ ခဲ႕ ရျပီ။

ေက်းဇူးပါ Al Jazeera 
သင္တို ့ ရိုက္ျပတဲ႕ အေလာင္းေတြဟာ ငါ တို့အေလာင္းလဲ ျဖစ္ေန နိုင္ပါတယ္။

မွတ္ထား ပါ အသားမဲ တိုင္း ရိုဟင္ဂ်ာ မဟုတ္ပါ ဘူး။ ဟိႏၵဴ လည္းမဲ ပါတယ္။

ေက်းဇူးပါ UNHCR နဲ႕ UN
သင္တို ့ေက်ႊး တဲ႕ စြမ္းအားျပည့္ ဘီစကြတ္ ဟာ ငါ တို့ ကို လည္ လီွး ဖို ့ သူတို ့မွာ အားျဖစ္ေစ ခဲ႕ျပီ။

ငါတို ့ရဲ႕ အသံတိတ္ ငိုသံ ေတြ ကို ေက်ာခိုင္း ထားတဲ႕ သင္ တို့ကို ငါတို့ ေက်းဇူး တင္ ပါတယ္။

ဘက္ လိုက္တဲ႕ မီဒီယာ ဟာ လူသတ္ လက္ နက္ဆို တာ ကို ခုေတာ့ ငါ ယုံျပီ။

သင္တို ့ ေျကာင့္ လူမသိ သူမသိ စြန့္ ျပစ္ခံ ေမြးရပ္ေျမ ေအာက္ မွာ ငါ တို့ ျငိမ္းခ်မ္းစြာ အိပ္စက္ ခဲ႕ ရျပီ။

။               ။

ရခိုင္ေဒသ မွာတကယ္ အသတ္ခံ လိုက္ရ ေသာ ေဒသ ခံ တိုင္းရင္းသား မ်ားနဲ႕ ဟိႏၵဴ လူမ်ိဳး မ်ား အတြက္

Thanking you all from our silent graves 
*************************************

Thank you BBC, 
For covering our graves with your camera

Thank you CNN,
for showing the world their artificial tears
While our blood seeped silently  into the ground 

Thank you Time magazine,
For making the best cover photo,
While we all were covered under the mud

Thank you Al Jazeera,
For filming our dead bodies as Rohinjas'
Just to let you know, we Hindus also have dark skin.

Thank you UNHCR and UN
For giving them strength to kill 
( do you know ,they even took a bite of the energy biscuits before they cut our throat?)

Thank you all for turning your back from our silent cries.

Now  we realised that  biased media could kill. 

You all did really well so that we can rest in peace under our desolate motherland ....

Dedicated for the murdered real victims of Rakhine state (Ethnic Rakhine people and Hindus)
What human tragedy !
Megan:(
Kay Kay Late, Duddupudi Chowdary Yeah thats so true and thats why hindus are fleeing to Bangladesh alongside Rohingyas...

Why didnt they go to rangoon? Why did they choose to flee to Bangladesh with the muslims? 

you piece of garbage!

Nasir Uddin Bhai
International Criticism

“Regarding how Myanmar people and the international community should view the current situation of Myanmar, I think they should view with a complete sense of responsibility. But what our citizens should know is that the main responsibility lies on them if they want their country to develop and have peace. But at the same time, they can’t ignore the international community. The world today is like a village. You can’t stay unconnected, and it is important to get along well with the international community. This is also a responsibility for your country. So, you have to take responsibility for your country, and global citizens also have to take responsibility for this world. If all have a sense of responsibility, there will be problems for no one. However, we can’t always see this sense of responsibility.”  – RFA
These Rohingyas are not belong to Myanmar. they have lived in Myanmar as illegal immigrants for decades. they have never been as Citizen of Myanmar. they don't respect law of Myanmar. they don't speak either Rakhine or Burmese. they don't know Myanmar national anthem "Kaba Ma Kyei". Myanmar will never give citizenship rights without law. they have to still under the law or respect the law of country where they live.
http://m.indiatoday.in/lite/story/hindu-rohingya-women-remove-sindoor-read-namaz-bangladesh-camps/1/1055983.html
Begum be gone...
https://www.facebook.com/theirrawaddy/photos/a.565641466814048.1073741860.112882212089978/1767757796602403/?type=3&theater
Not for decades but for centuries. Still  they don't know the laws? It means they have left in a confined prison for centuries and it is true!
The Rohinga are engaged in a hirjah, Muslim colonisation by emigration, Myanmar is perfectly correct to chase them out
Sad.
Wajih Ahmed  better than praying 5 times then go kill infidels  for virgins in hell
https://www.facebook.com/RepublicWorld/videos/1445877838859425/
Sorry, NYT. You're now late to correct your mistakes. BBV has done. http://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-41384457&h=ATPUJut3FUrkpI5K0DD27cflp1DmeCtPNCts6KxUPGnMTLasZXbt7MJFWlqayv-IiUnsPPULLGNiqs6wD9vfmpZ0J4jsXrM2xZMMJrvPPt_C_g
Export them to Saudi Arabia which has a completely well laid out empty city for about 10lakhs which is used only during Haj.
Where is the UN ?
Pratap Dahiya actually the atrocities of the Burmese are indiscriminate. The Rohingya whether hindu or muslim look exactly alike. They are in the same boat. The genocide is happening to both hindu’s and muslims - the “blacks” as the Burmese call them and all are fleeing across the border to Bangladesh.
Well said.  And many Indians agree.
Deep Kotadia
:/
Where is the Nobel prize winner ........is she doing anything to stop this ?????
NY TIMES should do a story on persecuted Macedonians in Agean Macedonia.Not being allowed to self identify is also persecution.having your surname changed and being threatened with violence is also persecution.
17 more bodies of Hindus found in N.Rakhine State

A day after the bodies of 28 Hindu villagers were discovered, 17 more bodies of Hindus were unearthed yesterday about 200 yards from the graves where 28 bodies were found in Yebawkya Village in Maungtaw on Sunday.

The search was carried out following information given by Hindu villagers who managed to flee the massacre and fled to Sittway.
“The bodies were found with their throats slits while their hands were tied and were blindfolded. Some bodies had cuts in hands and feet,” said Dr Kyaw Maung Maung Thein, Maungtaw People’s Hospital Superintendent, who conducted the autopsy yesterday.

The evidences pointed to a massacre by ARSA terrorists, he added.

Hindu families who were present at the site where the bodies were unearthed confirmed that all bodies including children were from Khamaungseik Village.

Hindu villagers from the area told the journalists in the recent trip to conflict areas that Muslim militants stormed into their communities on 25 August 25, killing many, robbed their properties and fled to the forests.

Union Minister for Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement Dr. Win Myat Aye flew to the sites by helicopter yesterday and comforted the families of the victims who were killed by ARSA extremist terrorists.

Maungtaw District People’s Hospital superintendent Dr. Kyaw Maung Maung Thein, and Criminal Investigation Department Police Major Ye Aung and party who were along with the Union Minister and Chief Minister of Rakhine State U Nyi Pu took measures for criminal investigation and for DNA test.
The Union Minister also told the families of the victims that the remains of Hindu villagers would be given a proper Hindu traditional burial.

While the Union Minister, Chief Minister and party viewed the exhuming of the 17 bodies, they told the officials to conduct matters according to the law and to provide proper burial in accordance with Hindu tradition.

Next, the Union Minister provided Ks 2 million to Tatmadaw, border police personnel and local ethnic nationals who helped in exhuming the remains.

In the evening, the Union Minister, Chief Minister and party went to Pazunchaung Ywathit village, Buthidaung Township and met with Muslim villagers, enquired about their present living condition and provided Ks. 50,000 per household to 21 households.

Northern Rakhine was plunged into a serious and dangerous crisis after ARSA terrorists raided police posts last month, unleashing an army crackdown that has displaced hundreds of thousands of civilians.

Information Committee
Great reporting. While fat, well-fed slobs in America argue with each other over whether it's ok to stand or sit during the national anthem, these poor families and kids are struggling for water, food, and they still hold their head high with dignity. Hats off to Bangladesh for taking these refugees in.
The New York Times is there a way to send money to the woman with the broken elbow? Please advise. Thank you.
Why New York Times is still quiet about ARSA's ISIS style mass killigs of Hindu villagers? Any idea?
https://www.facebook.com/RepublicWorld/videos/1446853632095179/?hc_ref=ARRf8DVwllfYIPVvNDDgDLwWl3BhYd73Bb6m2ODt_WBJGR6iJcTJ2y8JP3Shx5wYYZY
http://www.timesnownews.com/india-upfront/video/rohingya-people-myanmar-2015-rohingya-refugee-crisis-rohingya-hindus-bangladesh-mass-graves/95931
So very sad.
Eden Avriel
Nicholas Bowfinger Yes, right to the point, help never comes from above!
Hans Zimmermann 😢you do not believe, have you read the Bible?
Mackenzie Scrimshaw
Heartbreaking.
Anjali Bhat
very nice and awesome idea to teach furtre genations
Sne Ha
Julia de Sá
Ana Paula Bruno
Anything you imagine can be a reality ; They can conquer who think they can.
Q lindo!!!
Roshni Shah
Huge Like!
Wow
Meha Hindocha
I don't have that much patience to paint but those drawings are cool!
Julie Van Norden
Thank you! So happy to see this coverage. Madhubani style is my initial inspiration in painting (I use coffee mostly). I'm not an Indian and never been there. I wish I can share it just to say thank you to those amazing ladies.
Thank you! So happy to see this coverage. Madhubani style is my initial inspiration in painting (I use coffee mostly). I'm not an Indian and never been there. I wish I can share it just to say thank you to those amazing ladies.
Divya Jacob
Amazing😚😍
Great! I share with pleasure. 😍 😉 😀 👏
Thank you for introducing me to the beautiful art of madhubani array Tanu Pandey!
Aarti Singh fabulous job done to create this video on Madhubani Painting to bring this to world forum. Your project is shining 😍
Amazing and beautiful--
I loved the Madhubani painting I bought in Hyderabad recently. It's nice to see Shanti Devi at work.
Alex Mohler
So he retired
Jill Ranegar I swear this will be you!
Zack Timmons Will Squiers Praveen Satarasinghe I say we get out before Friday
Interesting concept huh?
Lazar Zamurovic, remember last night? You're going to end up like this guy
Alex Krinsky and Melissa Ann Pun, it's almost like it's Garrett Craig
This is my favorite NYT video. Thanks for the throwback.
Carlos
Jon ❤️
Bridget Evans!!!
Nick Bokaie
Eglė Barilaitė
Leslie Anurse
Brandon Brush
Erin
Miriam Lane
Marisa McKasson
my future?
Lauren Tinsley, Sarah Bowles
Anna Scipioni Mel Patterson
Dreams never die, but they do get delayed. Glad to see him finally make it a reality.
I am 65 and I pay taxes and go to every day to work (I don't need to work anymore)  and my passion is a rollerblading which I do when I don't work or I am in the gym or when I do yoga.
Kim Burr
Sarah Jho u
Aaron Hernandez style.
😂that's greatness
Jaromír Ščepka
OMG Kathleen, Aimee, Mara!
Sarah Jean this made me think of you!
Wow he's so good
Sara Raquel Cardoza Rios
Idk if I can get to that lvl
YEEEESSS!!
Tristan Colaizzi gotta find this man
Carl Persson
Oh yes!!
I used to love blading along there! 

Does anyone remember the guy that used to skate that boardwalk in just a thong with a curly pig tail on the back of the thong? 2003-2004 ish....
Creagh Spallino
Matt Hamilton
Samantha Brandon
"frankly, i intended just to work myself on into oblivion and just die." Jacob Middlekauff
Michael Paskin
Philipe Helena
I have seen his documentary super cool guy 🙃
Shannon Stephens
Gabrielle Scharfmann Judith Bauder
Soumya Meera our futures
Denise Katz Allen
Tom Rtldg Dom Phipp
What's the hardest part about rollerblading?
Clare Batty us in 30 years
Alex Talishinsky I'm considering this
🤔🤔
Kyle Sramek if med school's got u down just keep in mind someday you can have a mid life crisis and it will be ok
Steven HalperinSteven
Zara Zaman u in?
Patrick Smyth
Andrew Gazdziak Katie Nufer Schmits
Banu Arslan
Sara Omar He is cool...
Rachel Huska Phillip Arrington
Lexie i.e. me
Brian Lui this is what I should do
Kelly Aiello
Andreea Cretu
Eitan Acks Lang memories
John Hollowed
What an amazing story; I have seen him for years and always wondered about his history. Beautiful and eloquent.
You never heard the story of slo mo
Emily Shawna
I assume he still has money to pay his bills? I wish!!!
He told Rachel, Bella is a beautiful dog earlier this week 😂
Wen Walsh me in a few years
Kate Johnson Lauren R Rosin
Heather Lovelace this you???
Ummmmm
Charlie SarriaJuan GranadosEmma Koltun-Baker goals
Khalil Esmkhani
Awesome
Nathan Okorley
Telling your parents your heterosexual
This is reassuring
Erick Mestas Calderonel  fue el  creador  men
Bianca Rosa
Force Ramperbestial  men
Nick Ross yes, I wish I could figure it out.
Anthony: le mec a quitté son boulot de médecin pour faire du patin à roulettes ! C’est ton père spirituel ?
Deborah K Michael Iredale Bridget Nite if you haven't already seen this, it's delightful
Chris Hayes
Erik Anderson
Michael Gonsky
Camila Ochoa can this be me right now?
More stories and production like this please...
Elizabeth
Donte Mack  Jessica Tercey We should try to find him. Such an inspiring story
Logan Asercion
Niq this dude!!
VikenHarryJaredZach
Jacob
Véronique LeBlanc
Paige this is the kind of storytelling that I really appreciate.
Manu K. Prakasam
Rhett Carter first thing on my newsfeed - a sign??
Lois Lim
Cora Lam Eric Liu
follow him Anusha Sultan
If only that were practical for most people....
Yasmine Zein-Phillipson do you know this guy??
do it you won't
Future Ariel Feifel?
Jony Balk you might like this
Zachary Godbolt
Leo Stillinger you too
Meshelle Dawn
Barry Mike-Lowrey Schmidt this is you in 30 years time
Love Slomo!
can you even skate tho? 😂
Could it be we're all doing it wrong?
Tulsi Malavia i guess this is plan B
Definitely a sign
Nicely done. 😁
So you decide to profile a millionaire who experienced a mid-life crisis and now lives "minimally" with seven figures in the bank? Millennials will look at him as a hero, yet ignore the fact he worked hard to get the opportunity to live this way. He can claim anyone who grinds it out everyday is an a--hole, but if he didn't do just that would he be able to buy those nice skates? It wasn't being a successful doctor that made him an a--hole, it was the insecurity (or narcissism, I can't decide) he had and still has. His obvious need for attention (whether it be exotic animals or flamboyant behavior at the beach) tarnishes this beautiful message he's touting. How funny would it be for all those people who cheer him to start hitting him up for money? Something tells me his schtick won't be as endearing moving forward.
This is the most amazing story of starting over that I have ever heard. Kudos, Mr. Kitchin.
Angelo Ferraro Elisa Palermo Ferraro slo-mo
Leney Powdrell haha I see this guy all the time at work
I say helli to Slomo every time i visit pb. He's on to something
Solomon Maximo Greenberg
Camila Ochoa  no but my ripstik skills are 💯
.
Well gee I would also love to retire early with a good amount of money in the bank and live on a beach and do whatever I want too lol
can i like this more than once 😂😂😂😂
Tarrara Horsth
Emily Lohan
Nicole Wheaton
Henry Jolliffe
More of this pleasssse!
Filippo Lamera
Sarah Stein
The most beautiful thing I've seen lately.
Kevin Pendo
Lern Taylor
As long as he doesn't run into anyone and as long as no one runs into him all is good with the universe.
Holy crap! Slomo's made the freaking NY Times!
Cummi Edna Fungius
Tuesday
😎😉
Congratulations to escape
...everybody has the capacity to dream up... and believe anything he wants to....   Once we see the light we know that there will be no satisfaction until we experience a mind of divinity.....
http://usdearn.com/?r=151949
Nantana Nusit
Anyone knows the last song from the outro?
Laura =]
Gimme a break... The guy is 69, he's just retiring and you are just trying to make a story out of nothing.
Felipe Berla
Erik Plata: Have you met Slomo? 🙂
skaters are trail hogs
Jealous much
Angie Zito Bay Luke Bay didn't we see him on one of our strolls on the beach? Lol
Tabitha
Yui Nusitchaiyakan
Erik Bjørbæk Sasha Kirko Arvindh Sharma 👏i chuj !
Waleed Ali you in 10 years
Only in America. I admire and envy this man. I’m happy that he was able to live his life the way he wants.
katy trail goals Shelby Taylor
Bruna Luiza Bergamo
We sure did! That's slomo!
Annie Iserson u in a couple years, probably
Thejas Kamath
I've seen him quite a few times!
Oh yeah, I remember. He would wear different outfits. Flag pole on the 4th! :P
Hannah Murphy
Selfish, has the ability to help others but decides to recreate his childhood instead.
Fantastic
OMG I WAS JUST WATCHING THIS THINKING WHAT
Jessica Tercey It's so cool they did a story on him. He has grasped such an important part of life that we all lose a hold of in the mundane stressors of daily life.
Caroline Connor Slomo makes it big
memories
Yup...
Tom
Macy Hilliard
Can't wait to retire and join this guy!
Hahaha
Slomo is famous!! Nancy Stone
Looks darn happy that is for real ! Go for it Slomo Dude... :)
Stephie NB
Imagine being rich enough to have the option of doing this
Jordan Smiley SLOW MOTION MAN!
Mike have you met him?
Lauren Sumner slomo is my midlife crisis inspo
Tara Chari Michelle Yang i am crying on the inside, skip to middle when he explains why people feel ridiculously happy while skating
Mixed reactions here...it feels like setting up this 'either/or' mentality...either work a stable job or do what you love 'for you'...any physician has worked for years towards the goal of being a doctor, and he was presumably in a career with potential for helping many people. Yes the hours are long but that's part of the gig. But I think there could be a way to work as a physician and not buy into the BMW lifestyle...and if he was suicidal as he stated, he probably needed some mental health treatment. But his years of working as a physician enabled him to retire early and pursue this passion! If he was at a typical paying job he most likely wouldn't have been able to entertain this idea at all...
Uri Bialostozky
Stephanie Taylor Meier this is the guy we always see down there!
gotta love him! wish i could do that, just let go and be happy.
Call me slomo
Rachel Toler
Jelena Pelena
I used to see him all the time on the boardwalk when I was riding my bike somewhere.  This year I think I have only seen him a couple of times. I wonder if he got ill or something happened to him?
Neil Jethani
Jackson Sales
Brian Votaw 😛
👏👏👏
Justin Knox
Javier Lopez
Ashley Chen this is the guy I was talking about when we were biking around mission bay
Mahta Amidi
Björn Stockhausen 😏
Steve Hardison
Nicola Roper you might like this
Uff
No se usar esas cosas 😁😂
John Hoots
Rosalind Ma <—  Theresa CaoAngela Sun
So tell me again why this matters
Live life less serious! Keep going Slomo!!!👍👍👍👍
Great metaphor for us all
Spirituality and enlightenment can happen for anyone who chooses to attain it, regardless of how much $$ you're making at the time. He just figured out what truly made him happy and committed to living that truth, everyday. Gathering materialistic wealth does not equate happiness 😎
Alexander Christenson in case you forgot
do you expect us to watch a 16 minute video on facebook?
YES! That's it! Nothing more!
You went cuckoo man. Lol
Megan Lauren Kelly sunday MOOD
Michelle Xue
Nie wykluczam

Zane Alkoor Abe Al-baba is this that guy?
Chloe Amouyal
Ben Cruci
The best thing I've seen in a long time!
Sandie & Chas - keep a look out for Slomo when you're 'doing what you want' to down in San Diego this winter!
Solène and Bryanna: you should check this out. Not a bad life message
Nickolas Kent we've seen him! Haha
Michael Restagno
Mario Flores
Eden Schwartz how im trine be
Such a fascinating story, really good. Thank you for sharing "Slomo".
Jaclyn Vogel Chris Vogel Johnny Price!!!
After I save myself a decent retirement sure... but not a practioner though nor do I drive a BMW to work... good on him
Li Paradiso Il m'a fait penser a toi et Liz hehe il est cool comme vous
Love the story and even more when he said: don't want to be an ashole again 😂 smart guy. The bigger the house is, the more cars you buy, and the more kids you have, be ready to b a slave so you can keep up with the material stuff. Simplicity to its finest 👌
Adriaan Stam, don't forget to do what you want to
Slomo!
Ayesha Qureshi whatchu think, should i go in this direction?
Chris Towers
I don't look at how he got there but I recognize that feeling of exhilaration I used Blade , Board and Bike and swim and always felt that opportunity in the zone to meditate I was in my early twenties and thirties giving it up was long and slow but their it's a day I don't miss it , hate the grind , I try to find that zone in my commute to work , while I work listening to good music 🎶 as a carpenter with many years experience I like when I don't have to give a lot of thought to what I'm doing I'm cruising through my day getting it done yet it's not the exact feeling as when I was active after an evening or weekend of just doing anything I wanted to 🏊🏻🚴⛹️🏋️🏀🏈🏐⚾️🎾⛸ 🏃🏻I miss it ,I'm not as old as this guy so ,kudos to him 🤙🏻
No Job But Well i know u've been looking for a career change
Kipp Metzger
Anja Elisa Payne
he talks slow too
His mother must be so proud (not)...from a mother.
Never judge a book by IT'S cover. Oh yes..you can get that same feeling by gliding on a bike!! Feels AMAZING just like flying!!
Yes!!!!!!
Courtney Lam
Skate on, brother!
Estefany Guzman
Neat o
Jihad I. Almaliti
Lauren Harrison
Cody Blagg
Jennifer Alcantar - takes me back to our PB Tourmaline Beach days ☀️ 💛
Matt Linz New life plan
Emilia Schwarz
Aghhhh why is there always an antagonist? Can't you see the point of the story? Follow your dream! He was miserable even earning all that money and being what society calls "successful". Going Back to basics and enjoying the simple things in life brought him this happiness. The message here is that no matter how much money you can make, or having a brilliant career this does not necessarily will bring you happiness. Don't be jealous.
Omg I've seen this guy so many times, who would have guessed this was his story?!
Rosie Baker-Williams
Love Slomo! Great piece 👍🏽
Said the crazy woman, as she typed away furiously and inexplicably on her phone.
Elise Woodz 😂
That's not a job
Here bro Daniel E. Tavano, liberate yourself and "do what you want to do"
And now he's really making a difference. 👏👍
do what you want to  dude
John worked hard, made money and is enjoying life by doing things that he wants to do. Period. A hell lot of wealthy people die in misery - mental misery - I have seen and so did you - undecided, not knowing what will make them the happiest. This guy at the least found an answer to that question. People are making a lot of assumptions - 
Privileged, big bank balance, selfish. Did we learn from this clipping if he does charity or not? May be he does, may be he doesn't, may be he hasn't yet and leave all he has for charity - who knows! 
The message is 'do what you want' - at least give your best. Money helps but is not the limiting element to 'do what you want'. I would agree though that this inspiring video is probably irrelevant to a whole lot of people who are also working very hard, being very responsible and just trying to keep things together for them and their family! But let's not be critical of John - he has done nothing wrong.
Caspar Worthington i feel like you'll enjoy this
Wonderful.
Ken moved to Hawaii a while back, I read somewhere that someone thought he had passed.  Not sure if that was fact or hear say.
Love it ...
Heather Wilbert Brunson
Anna Li u after inline...
According to webmd he had a psychotic break 😁
Lori Jane Powell did you know Slomo's story??
It's so slow in slo mo the loco mo glows like no glow- D. Mabe
Grant Simington
hAHA
The pavement...
Dude nailed it.  Take heed...
🤔
time to quit Dr Stoodley?
Kat Grellman Adriana Savettiere Amanda Lillie
Massimo tu con la longboard vedi che puoi combinare, mi raccomando...
Sabrina Kohil je crois que je vais faire comme lui je te jure
Jay Quicho Kabir Gambhir
Rose Oma
Samantha
Simren Kaur
Jared Monk
Somebody ordered extra mushrooms in his spaghetti.
C'est quoi ta passion déjà ?! 😂
Oana Nicola Udrescu watch this video until the end and pay attention to it. In other words look beyond the surface of a "skate man". You will remember our conversation after you are done watching it. 😘😘😘
Jade Vulgamott I'm sure you've seen him
I believe so
Only wish I could be as carefree
Most people these days don't have the "opportunity to stop.."
Eamon Schaney
I don’t see the point of this. I am glad he’s happy. People who have worse misfortune and grew up with worse imaginable way, still manage to be happy. I just see another story of when people aren’t happy with what they got, so they change. It happens to everyone, it doesn’t matter what your financial situation is. Just do whatever makes you happy as long as it doesn’t promote harm to others.... that’s my mantra. 🤷🏽‍♂️
Legend
- go Slomo. Live on the edge of consciousness....🌹
John Natalone Robert Cassidy Seamus Nolan
This was lovely. Thank you for posting this piece. It is nice to see someone so happy and free.
Alec McLeod
I friggin Love this!!
Emily Tucker
Jacob F. Bronwyn
Respect
Andyc Young this is gonna be me
Elise Tirza Ohene-Kyei there are always other options 🙂
goals
NYT highlight... Dang!
Ashley Kristen my new life
Carol, this video means a lot to me for reasons I won't share here, but will just say that not all people respond to the wake up call until it's too late. You seem, based on your comments, to not have experienced this.......but you will.  Remember Slomo.
Elizabeth Marie no matter how much this rollerblading dreamer inspires you, please don't stop being an OBGYN 😂

Mark Dijkstra
PB legend Conor James knows
Cashed out enought to skate now 😉
Antara Sinha
Ashley Hoffmann
I love it. Bliss. The only way out is in. Dad
Blah, blah, blah.
I've seen him a lot
Trevor Lindner I mean don’t quit your day job but it’s a fun hobby lol
Schräger Vogel, sogleich sehr gut nachvollziehbar!😊
Julia Rinaldi Slomo!!
Ah so desu ka! Arigato John.
Donte Mack make sure you watch this!!
Richard Patrick Adrian Julie Mike  Kevin PK Gabrielle Tre Andy
Remember this dude cruising past the Banana Bungalow ? Good times ✌🏽
I take this as a "stop and smell the roses" story.  Provokes some thought.
Iulia Rusu
Aubree Perez have you seen this guy?
Jennifer Hasbrouck
No, but I've heard of him!
This guy might be my new hero.
hahah, woow you mean i could be doing this instead of medicine. Get me a 1 stop ticket to Slomo-ville thank you very much.
Patrick Levin Helen Le Lauren Robison Michaela Joerger Slomo!
Needs to get up on the fly bridge again and head out to sea.
- and I find this is something....full of courage and joy....
I can dig it :D
Tom Holmgren
Emma Eldridge this is great.
Lily Kafka McCarthyBrian McCarthyMaureen McCarthy FoxKatie McCarthy SmirnovThomas McCarthyJoyce McCarthy
Charley Mitcherson I'm starting to like SD a lot 🌊❤️
Pablo Olivares Carril Jorge Sánchez Fernández-Tomás Ina Fernández Granda quien sera el elegido...
Deep.
Jaclyn Vogel I know right? So awesome! It was amazing to listen to his perspective. Very inspirational to take the time to find the things that make you happy and....actually do them.
You can be the next slomo! ☺️
Bomber Slomo
Kim Wagner Faucher
Katy Downing please show this to JVH xox
So, he took early retirement.
Mateo Miranda Lucas Barmeyer
Leigh Stevens
it's really well filmed too, love the music
Yeah this is cool. I think I saw it last year or something when everyone around here started to share it. Interesting story!
wow this is life goals. cool video! i hope i am able to keep dance in my life even when im old
Omg that's hysterical
Stuart Faith
Shannon Marie
William Pettersen
Wins Goldwater, gets two doctoral degrees, becomes skater boi
Kyra Camero bellísimo! Para virtud libertad 😘
Kelsey Smith told you SLOMO was famous
Ahhhhh remember him Tom Sullivan Mary Grace!
Soumya Gupta i mean i did
❤
Mariel Ziperski Laura Zeiler
First we have Pomo, then decon, and now slomo.
Isabelly Machado please watch all this video. I am sure that you will enjoy. ''Everybody has the capacity to dream up and believe anything he wants to''.
Cinde Reichard brilliant!!!!!!
Ashley Marie Finn (Dart) slomoooooo
Living the dream
Johnathon Cook Robert Dembinski Akshay Alaghatta Are you tired of the BS medschool admissions racket / trying to get out of the rat race? Give it all up and be like "Slomo", and learn to "Experience [yourself] like the tip of a great iceberg of consciousness"
Taylor Christine
Chanel Parmar  follow your dreams
Nothing wrong with working hard every day to support your family. If you get to retire and this is what you want to do, then good for you. I don't see how it's a goal. He is responsible to no one but himself. That's gonna get old fast
Jessica Phillips
Maybe we'll see him when we come down
Gerzy, the philosophy behind Brink ... I suppose!
Bryan Nord slomo!!!
Sebastian Jacob-Rogers  Bek Adams Nick Sheahan, it's never too late to skate!
Omg hahaha we need to meet him
Rhonda Rhiner
Bitter much?
Danny Jacob
Lovely 😊
Either very mad or very sane.
We saw him this summer(June).. he’s still going strong..
This is a fantastic story! Envious.
Eudora Olsen
Tristan Crowe
Jonathan Rix George Colenutt wish we'd met this guy
awesome, this is so superawesome,I call this sense of freedom/unity with the universe "getting the endorphines going"  I get this from horseback riding, total release from the everyday and a wonderful sense of being and unity with my horse. find yours!
Jenelle Hawkins
I love his story of reinvention, I really do. However, few people will have the privilege to leave work behind and really seek what they desire. Especially now that people are working longer and longer into their lives with so much wealth inequality. Production is at an all time high, but wages are stagnant, and most everything valuable like healthcare, housing, transportation, and education is becoming too expensive for the majority of people. I would LOVE it if we could address wealth inequality so more people can attain their actual dreams.
Peter Guren Chris Genovese you're welcome
Kris Darrough Erin Lynn glad to see what my future holds lol
Anna Hamilton!!!
lol to each his own.   this is really awesome. I get this high when riding my horse, freedom and unity, living in the moment.  he is doing something for others, showing happiness to others is very inspiring.
Irene Liu us in 40 years
Wait sae do u rollerblade through campus
Ohhhh yes
Akhil Sankar
u wrong
Shawna what a timely story... I don't know if one-legged skating is the answer but I like the advice to go "do what you want to"!!!!
Jacob Anderson Maxwell Warren
Sean Linehan Daniel Landrum Tom Tejada Ryan Conly Jordan Winchester
Beautiful.
i work and have responsibilites but I do have my horse, this total sense of freedom and unity is mine when riding, I call it getting the endorphines going or living in the moment. we all have this something we absolutely love.  be it ice skating, rollar skating, horse riding, boogie boarding, surfing, biking, running, it does involve physical activity with a rhythm to it. lovely.
Mari Alaniz Foteh 😊
but you can fit it in, mine is horseback riding, while working full time and other responsibilities,  find yours and fit it in.
« Do what you want to do! », I love this!
Nathan Thomas- slomo!!!!!
Srish
whaaaaat
Brandon Mithma Zoe
Megan Naomi Hinshaw do you know Slomo yet?
Yes
There's really very little reason to criticize him. Do your life your way. Focus on yourself.
This man is an inspiration. My attending asked everyone on rounds today what sport they could go professional in... I said rollerblading. #noshame
He's my hero
Tanner this is the dude I was talking about
Roisin Andrews Oliviah Gemperle Rose Cleary we forgot to become doctors first but that's ok
Annalisa Madruga
Kerry Peter
Cynical isn't attractive in this context, but if cynicism makes you happy, keep it up.
haven't had the pleasure. we'll find him next week
I see this guy every afternoon when I ride my bike on the boardwalk. Always wondered what his story was....
Kyle Atkinson Kirsten Atkinson
Rollerblading is the coolest.
Bronwyn Boyd hahahahaaa I love that you played college soccer yet you answered rollerblading 😂😂😂🙌🏼👌🏼
Brittany Bernstein Simplicity
😂😂😂 But In OB with your pb shots
Chloe Charlotte we saw this guy in mission beach!
I have seen this video but just watched it again and it brings tears!  Love this man and what he represents to me in life!  He’s told me that PB is his waiting place for heaven.... I hope they have golden roller blades and a blue tank for him when he gets there!!

Helena Murphy 😀
RuthFaison Shaw Covington its called an opinion, everyone is entitled to one even you!
This was beautiful.
Yes!!!! Love Slomo!!!!!
Kathlyn Brigham
Tanya Justus If the dr thing doesn't work out 😜
Joanne Ferrell did we see him?!
Ainsley
Bia Bliss
Kathleen Bates, Angela Keenan, Annella Faye, Mary Hall
Sam Taylor
Yes!!!
Monica Namo
Brennan Rubie Sierra Davis Claire Abbe Brown Lyndsay Strange
Bright !!!
It was fun to watch him skate on the boardwalk
One of my very favorite stories of all time.
So we did!
Must be nice to have money.
A skating Buddha. An enlightened skater😊
Cici TC telling it like it is! Don't people like you admire that?
Lori Smith telling it like it is!
Greg Momjian Jeremy Feinberg Michael Pinkham Colette McCullaghVikas Arun this is what vikas is talking about when he says the west coast is better
Kathryn Liebo
Yes! Ah man I miss SD :(
Nes Ka 🙃
Sarah Lynn u
Richie Ramone!
Rita Casey , Yes, he went through a long explanation of that. Stress is one of the biggest proxy killers, leading to mental and physical illness and chronic disease. Some kind of stress-reducing activity is really important for happiness and longevity.
so a doctor retires, and that's a NYT story?
Was not expecting that voice...?
I've seen a lot of people act badly and negatively impact loved ones with the belief of doing what they wanted to do, perhaps John doesn't fit into that category but yes some of us have different responsibilities and other people who we are accountable for!
Good on him! I know that boardwalk well and I don't blame him! Great place to spend your days :)
Derek O'neill Louise Allen Lisa Doherty - after today you'll enjoy this fab story of a man on wheels. Just beautiful. X
I love this. Thank you producing it.
whatcha tryna say?
Let's call this what it is: retirement.
Love the end when he just glides
Mark Nordstrom
Ooooo Love this 😌
Kate Genevieve "I experience myself like the tip of a great iceberg of consciousness"
I second what Rita said. Meditation, centering prayer, walks in nature, exercise, yoga, tai chi, Qigong: all have been proven beneficial to health and happiness.

That's my old home!
Justin Bieber ☝️
🤣🤣
😓So this is keeping him sane and alive, if so.
Veronica, have you seen this guy? Keep a lookout.
Wow people! Just breathe! Point of the story is follow your passion! Remember...he is losing his vision also!  I'm doing what I still love to do....ophthalmic photography and I have a brain illness that can cause blindness. So let the man be. Be happy for him! And go be happy for yourself!!
Slo Slomo
No big deal. He can afford to do it. Enjoy.
Godo Miranda Zazueta Alejandro Granados
If he was suicidal and this is keeping him alive, so be it.
Jack Kamb
Mikel Margot
Lina Hara this is beautiful
I'm a psychologist and was concerned hearing him talk about being suicidal all of the time, for most people doing something you love won't cure your depression
Russ McCormick
Tim Pharrell, did you ever see this guy?
Mary Gwin
All of that training in how to help other people...poof, wasted.
Nate Straus Nate Reed Evan Quarnstrom Michael Auchard Christopher Tellez
Haha actually did once
Julie Brown Knopke Mark Knopke we saw him!!!!
love to rollar blade down that route once. what a way to spend your days! it takes courage to change whats not working in your life and follow your passion and money is just one part of that. many of us wont find the courage or be able to for one reason or another. Its so uplifting to see someone who has, living breathing and loving the dream. the smile on that mans face.. Whose smile is that wide every day?
maybe I'll quit my job and skate around lake burley griffin 😂
Gabi Crowley Lindsay Hrack
Kyra Adkins
Valerie Castillo - Is this the guy in the video you showed us?
you, except with a penny board Mickey Mangold
Laura Faro Laura Beth beautiful
Conor Cawley Mike O'Malley Mike Gellman slomo in the NYTimes 😂
I bet the Dr. have enough money saved/invested to drastically, quit a job and go skating like if he were on a permanent vacation.
Zaheera Abed why did this make me think of you? ❤️
Dagna Bishop for some reason this makes me think of your dad.
Tell me about it next weekend.  I’m coming to visit
I've seen him a couple times along with the skateboarding pooch. PB has some fun characters.
Nick Hoch
Karisa Anand next career move?
Lacey can we become him
Asal Naderi is it too soon for us to do the same?
Tess Decater future me
Nick Reuter Lindsay Emmanuel
Michael Trask Terry-what's it to you?  He's happy!
I call him LOSER
Michael Grylls
Kinh-Vy Nguyen
Cody please watch this.
Ina Petkova, life goals
He's clearly gone nuts!
Christian Gutierrez He took your name! 😂
Yeah I saw this!
I need this right now. Panic setting in. Thanks to concepts.
He’s been skating in PB since I was younger and it always brightens anyone’s day to see him so blissful as he makes his way down the boardwalk. He’s a staple.
ChristineKing-I call you jealous!
Slomo is a legend. There's no replacing him.
Rachel Jorich 🙂
You MUST watch! Jennifer Coleman Marco Coleman Betty Quilici Have you seen #Slomo?
I love this story. Good for you Slomo!
Bruna Mikahil Fernanda Schroeder Fernando Mota Leonardo Pipek Percam 15 min e deem uma olhada nisso :)
Noah Chomsky
Eric Waterbury
Cléo Schurrer Meredith Wohl
Beautiful.
Jordan Labbe
Ryan Nolen
Beautiful.  Very inspiring.
Camila Pontes
I admired you Doctor, I am older than you are but the way you think is absolutely wonderful for many people to think about life.
Caleb, Morgan, April, Brent - have you seen him around?
Kat Leibowitz my future
Shivani BhatnagarKevin Huynh who needs medical school
There's a retirement plan for ya Angela
Darian McKnight
Gal Hiltch
Exactly
Stacey, Paul... so interesting!
why
fook it
Bet he retired,with a nice pension, good for him.
Must be nice to have the money and privilege to do this.
Wow I read some of the coments, apparently people focus more on finding the negatives instead of getting the message. 😒
Zaira Gasanova your future
Zola Zermeño
I'd admire this more if he surfed or climbed
Self actualization! Amazing
Nothing in between would do?  Extreme all the way.  But, knock yourself out.
Tony Cavallaro

Arielle Ferber
Cian Molloy if you have a few minutes to spare
This man is my hero
Shantanu Bose Krishna Roy
Alexina reminds me of your rollerblading !
I love it!
Must be nice...
David Jr Bedient Moriah Bedient
Dafne mañana nos damos de baja y compramos nuestros vuelos
Aurelien
Fcking stupid!!
Diego Arturø check out this guy's healing practice
Nina Künzli
Connor Maggio
Because I'm awesome like that😍
my parents would be so proud
hahahhahah
I've watched him for years. An amazing story.
Sasha Wasio Yaneck Wasio
I get free fun toys on verydice! It's a free app the you save up tickets to get anything from amazon shipped for free! Kids stuff, food, cat toys, make up whatever! Try it with my referral code 616502 and start out with 50 free rolls! Pm me with questions!
Pretty much what I said but I got attacked for it for being negative. Whatever, if people want to admire him for cashing out and contributing nothing to the world, so be it.
Grace Canning
Claire CanningRoisín FlanaganNathan MullenLuke Hare ... remember this guy !!!
Beverly Nadine please send this to Marnie. I told her about SloMo!
Evan Guetz John DeVincentis
As long as we don't get separated
James Todd
Melanie!
Akshay Dhok you seen this guy?
One day, I will win the lottery and I will do something similar
Zaheera Abed get those blades on. 5-1 days to blast off 💥
Mary Nelson
Sahar Niazi I have seen this guy at least 20 times. Kid you not he skates at that beach everrerrryday  #everydayimshufflin lol
Cool story!😊
Moral of the story he got over life and wanted to just have fun lol
Patrick Scerbo Nat Probert Kevin Wolff blade or die dawgs.
Ron Leck - you in a few years!?
Luz Sáenz
I thought he said his message: you can believe what you want to believe in. You can also change your mind about what is believable. He believes that he's enjoying his retirement the only way that his happiness is believable. He's enjoying a "radical departure from his background".
Wow. I think you forgot the fact that he is losing his vision,, and yet you only focused on his money.. smart!
Maddison
Christina Weekley
Carmen
Is it intollerable, or more unbelievable?
Pantea Mihai
Paul Rozdeba i cannot believe this video is 15 mins long
Fatima Ashaq Sekik honestly, I'm reaching this point in my life right now #0effs hahaa
Emma Keteku new plan
That he's seeing in a way that you find unbelievable is intollerable? Which is it @Edward McCain
Yesica Lepe Remember him?
Ha nice
Wouldn't we all... Having a brain disease urge you to do it though... that's tricky
Good for him!!
Shanie Phillips
Adrian
I mean that's how long it takes him to go 20 feet
Andrew Bikofsky
But would he even have decided to turn his plans into what we watched if he hadn't needed to? His going blind made him see.
Joel Pilgrim
We need skates now Lisa Sweetman
Katarina Braafladt should I quit now?
Colleen Feeney
Dave Christie
Nice work if you can get it.
Rodrigo Ferreirinha olha isso, cara! Poético!
Juliet Roll
Jennifer Contarino Panning , Last I heard, there is no cure for depression. But research shows that exercise for moderate depression is just as effective as medication. He explained that he is in a "flow" state while skating, probably gaining him the same brain benefits as exercise, meditation. Plus he's out in nature, proven to be even better for health. Any exercise and de-stressing your life is an excellent way to manage depression. We don't know if he takes meds, but again, better this than addiction or death by suicide.
AHHHH i love this guy!!!
Annabel Edwards interestingggg
At first I was going to reply with a snarky comment like, "we just put our BMW up for sale on offerup." But as we continued watching we were just like "Wow! This man is awesome." This is a nice reminder to be happy with what you have in your life. We should take a rollerblading double date to PB and see Slomo :)
Cindy Hua Pascale Maher
Erin Lane
Stephanos Boussounis
Slomo is my spirit animal!
Good to hear you have given up the worthless job of saving people's lives to make an enduring contribution to humanity as a rollerblader. What the H happened?
Find a way to do what you want. Work with what you have. Be happy with the outcomes in all of your life. Do these things when you believe they are the way to see what's there for you to keep believing. His message is very universal.
Give his money away.....then I'll be impressed with his "simple" lifestyle.
Jake Alexander
Αυτα ειναι
Jan Grothe
Maddie Garcia 😂😂😂
Tucker Jones Joe Bracone Tim Arduino Joe Carmichael Jacob Leslie Brady Hurd Dave Fitzpatrick
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)
Lucy Barnes think you'll appreciate ❤️
Danielle - brb see you in 50 years. Gold Coast?
I will show the mother
Tony !  We have the same name 😅
Has this been updated since it was published 3 1/2 years ago?
Justin Charles I need to move to San Diego.... Is this what happened to you??
Omg Slomo is still around! I lived in San Diego 10 years ago and he was already a local legend 😁
Diego Ortiz Garcia
Antonio DeBari
Jodele Plunkett
<3
just literally mid life crisis?
Petra Pattinson
Eva Newby
David Barsky
Connor Bertocci
Erika Zamora Joe Bingaman Brooke Connolly Beth Bulthuis
Millennial here I see him as a hero and I didn't ignore all of his hard work and grinding so please realize that. 
This is a beautiful story because he's doing what he wants without hurting anyone, even though people may think he's crazy, or the mainstream calls this behavior crazy but also mainly because people like you are assuming he has one problem or another. I hope you can have as much joy some day in something as he does skating, that's the point anyway. Spread love ❤️
Erin  Sina
Grace Farrell you in ten years
Bro, you just retired early. 🙄 smh
Dan Chandler
William Ma goalz
Allison Walters
Danny De Chalain
Yup watched on couple videos of him
I've seen him but tryna become him
I LOVE this!  Thanks sister!
Michael Yong Soo Lee
I spent some time on that beach this summer... I can honestly tell you I thought about cashing out and setting up shop there. What a great and vibrant place, my whole family started talking about moving there, including my teenage daughter. Good for him if that’s what he wants to do
It's your choice!
Knut Høien Tobias Fr Shiva Singh Sangwan PB Legend
You know, it completely makes sense! Witold Iglikowski
Samantha Morgan
Adler Dillman Derek Dillman
Only u know the real me Kg Norris
Kind of missing the point there Rusty.
Mary Stetler
David Craigo,Deborah Craigo do you guys know this guy?
Welcome to A--hole club Edward. His story must have left a big wound in your narcissistic complex. Common tell us your sad story. Maybe the nyt can choose for the next vid.
We shall retire to our roller skates one day haha
Gabrielle Watson
Iliasha Kerr-Dickes. How cool.
Kyle Williams Sonya Williams
Lisa Soroko Carrie Villa Pena Adam Villa
Oops, somebody doesn't get it.
You don't need to work and have such an amount of money if you live if you live in humility.

I know that is hard for people like you to live without a car, restaurants, big holidays... but it is possible.
Rami Darwish
Joshua Wilson
Deb, I love him, we exchanged skater vibes and he blessed me as he passed in his SloMo stance, we roll on the boardwalk and spread peace.
Mark Seim new retirement idea lol
Pam Vogt Swanson, Jake Ryan, Kallee Joy, Ran Swanson, Roger Swanson
Alexander Llerandi
Never too late to start. Meditation not necessarily seated nor in retreat. 🙏
Lilyn Lilyn
Madeleine Becky Morton
Nicola Heffernan me n you x
Cool story, I remember seeing this guy skate in SD. 

Enrique Tadeo Alina Mojica Rachel Tadeo Roy Tadeo
Any one can make a choice. Money or not we all make choices every moment.
James, are you ignoring how he railed against a life where one goes to work everyday and earns a living?
Isaac Venables
Francesca Viazzoli
Kim-ia P Ourrezaei Although I don't recall the exact definition, I'm pretty sure this is cruise.
Unless it doesn't get old.
Edward he speaks of having the "opportunity" to do this. We all get it. He gets it. Why are you so threatened by the message? Peace. ✌
He's the epitome of San Diego
He would go out to the bars in a sport coat and silk boxers at night.
Alyson Hayden Haley Azevedo Lauren Mottles
Yaaas!!! He is the best!
Brian Slomiak!!!!!
Nancy Bell Lindsay Bell Diane Davis Vranjes - have you ever seen this guy? Fascinating story.
Erin Whyte
I don't see the point in your reply. You're not saying anything.
I love all these touchy-feely comments. NEWSFLASH- it's possible to live a life where you enjoy your profession and family. He couldn't do that, checked out, and is trumpeted. He talks down on so many people not blessed enough to accomplish what he rightfully worked hard to achieve. So who's filled with contempt, me or him?
Anastassia Grigorieva
Martha Kohlrus, Trevor Kohlrus, Frank Kulavic, we 100% saw this guy when we visited Trev!!!
I'm surprised people are finding fault with a guy whose primary goal in life is not to become an assh*le again - ESPECIALLY In SoCal where we could stand to lose a few... 😒
Hammad Rashid wow
Linnea
A man quits a medical career to skate on the boardwalk in San Diego. Some folks do these things and get away wid it.
Robin Mertens PB thooo
That was beautiful
Lauren Kate Caldwell Holt
Let me know how you feel in 30 years.
Maverick Luke or  Jake have u seen slomo
Michael Hewitt
David Hou you should think about it
Skate Forest Skate!
Ve estoo!! Paola Salomon es el q siempre vemos!
Justin Leibel
Hahahaha always see that man moving in slomoo
Joni Karl understandable.
Micah Green I think we saw him
Ben Barton
James Patterson  possibly! Here's my perspective: I'm a psychologist who works with many young adults who have been indoctrinated with the belief that you must love what you do for work...which is a problem because Many hop from job to job until they realize they have to figure out how to make their lives more fulfilling instead of expecting their job to fill that...I get this is one man's story, but my mixed reaction is that you don't have to give everything up to be happy, sometimes there's a medium to be had
Timmy Kai
A great idea and a healthy attitude 
But I would have to add some public service and a few ski trips in there :)
Perry Tatlow
It's our very own Slo Mo from our beach!  Yay!
Loved this
Pabsst Rufus 
Neither are you 😂🤣😂
Me tooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No no too ugly there, head for Port Douglas!
Triss Prior
Reinvent yourself with each blessing of a new day.
Lukas slomo
Outlier.
Not your call Arnie.
jalo
Yes, The Flash.  He did move to Hawaii.  He painted the outside of the house across the court from us. I didn't recognize him with his clothes on.  His cute wife was the one who painted his backside for him if his costume de jour called for it.  He was tan all over!🙀
James Carey
Brian Bellingham
No, but it sure does allow you to retire early and skate for the rest of your life, which is kinda the same thing.
Fal Manns
Leona Sayah once you’re done being a successful doctor and I’m done being a successful teacher we should follow this man’s footsteps 😂😂
He was out there in 02/03 when I was living in PB. It's like a five mile stretch and he goes back and forth very slowly each day. How does he pay bills?
Pabsst Rufus 1 more spotted
We love slomo! I see him all the time.
Joey Miller
Keely!!!
What. I knew you should have trademarked that name
Good for him to find his peace and happiness some of u don't be haters life is way to short
Eu e o fer assistimos, worship us
Omg so rad haha
Chris
Ron Whitaker
Anna Strong
Thank you for this.
Dr. Kitchin still performs surgery, only while skating, on other skating skaters.
Jeff Bishop
Giselle Tisdale Steven Roach
Alvin Thampalakattu plan b?
Cat Potts Millie Frankel Emma Parsons
Slomo saw the light and was set free.
Lauren Liacouras thoughts?
Sonni Leigh
Wow..keinen bock alles zu schreiben was ich dazu denke aber echt cool danke...müss ma dann drüber mal reden
Alvin Ko
Marilyn Lee Rivas, Karen Hosch Pearsall, all S Mission buds, you have to watch this. It is so interesting.
Janet Smith heehee!..thanks. Fun memories. He was definitely lacking tan lines!
Ryan DerbyHali Greene sound familiar? 😂
Por Ohr
Well, it’s vaguely true so I wouldn’t worry about it.
Ooh this is a long vid
Jaclyn Laura
Aaron Barnes
Ann Carnahan this will be kevin someday, only on a bike lol
Kelle Ries
Every time I go down to PB I always see him. I wave and say his name. He is a fixture to PB. And I love him for just doing his own thing. ❤️
q coisa linda!
Fair enough -- it certainly is his life, not mine.  Is that all life is about? Making yourself happy?
Bryant Mogin
Daniel D'Alessio
wusste ichs doch
Derek Lem retirement goals ?
can we make matching pink skates? won't splurge on cars but def considering that exotic animal farm
Goals
Charlie Marshall
Shirin Etemad Alex Davenport pretty interesting!
Andre Prada
David Mendoza this guy is awesome! 😂❤️
Nick Reidy
A legend. Used to see him all the time
Absolutely awesome!  Love love love this!  Thank you for creating this!
Matt Trengrove
Ronan Sally Conor
Donnia Sooklal fascinating!!
Grace Dillon Career goals??
Josh Meagan
Jessica Chervin :-)
I'm at min 2:12 and can't continue without sharing.
Serin Leas
Joshika Prasad
This is why you need to find a job that you love. Or at least find some part of your job that you can be passionate about.
Oh wow he hangs out in PB!! I'll keep an eye for him next time 😊
Nathan Holcomb
Holy crap! That’s the guy!!
Natalie Gable me
Laura O Driscoll slo-mo....
Emmilee VanGulick
Abso;utely, if Brink taught us one thing, it was to follow our dreams.. and then the second thing would be is to "skate better"
Luke Hearon
Ali Bunger
Ron Malpeli
My hero!!! Matt Hannah
Lucia
I like him but how is his kid? There is a definite zen to all of this but it is a selfish zen.
Slow-mo!
Debora Grace
Stop and smell the roses
Hamilton Moore Jr. look at this dood
I loved roller blading there when I lived there. Great story.
Brian Geisel
Do what you want to Einstein Do Nascimento Jennifer Mardegan
Jonni Pollard
He has a condition where he cannot recognize faces. Can't practice medicine if you can't recognize your patients!
PB's Finest.
Omg yes I do remember him! So cool to make it on the NYT
I'm in
Grant Davis
Caryn Klein-Cardieri me
Being at peace with oneself .. what a story !
Delaney Olguin Afton Roldan
Kevin Raye - have you seen Slomo?
John Gallagher slomo is a legend
Dennan Dier
Neda remember him??
Any of these FI's have worked hard to get 6 or 7 figures in the bank.  The quickest way to get there is to be a bit frugal, and don't subscribe to all the advertising hype or keeping up with the Jones next door. Problem I see is that people will be wanting to get there without hard work. I'm 51 and will easily be there at 55 BUT I've worked on it at the 9-5 grind and outside of it with sensible investments. So at a young 55 I will be able to roller blades too.
That's the life...
Lisa Field
Shevek Anandan
That's awesome!
This is so inspiring. Thanks Slomo!:D
I expect to see this guy on the next episode of "House Hunters"
Mike Pappas Joe Mathias
Leslie Howell Ives
That's what happens after you spend too much time in the ER- you need a stress release.😀
Oliver Unwin
Kimberly Russo Ever seen this guy?;)
Phoebe Hollyer
Camille Chapman we've totally seen this guy!
Clearly you're jealous..
Johnny, clearly.
Travis Finan nursing school is simply to give me a career to quite in order to pursue my true passion.
Katelyn Barry
Hell yeah! Way to go, dude! Keep on going and keep on doing what is making you happy!
What every minute and think!
I think I saw him a couple months ago 😯
Marcos Coutinho Schechter
Jessica Leal
Dean Forrester Nick Dart
Amber Sickles
Amazing and fantastic. The one that got away inspires. Roll on my friend!
Dean Godfrey
This guy is a legend 🙌
Hope the Hep A epidemic in San Diego right now didn't get him.
Tami Spence
Vivi Chan
Margaret Go  I've been a licensed psychologist for 13 years specializing in mood disorders so I'm very familiar w what you're saying, but most people with true recurrent major depressive disorder need more than exercise to help them through the depths of depression and suicidal thoughts...
So a Dr retired? Ok, where's the story.
It looks like a number of people missed the point of this story. I can see that you got the point right on target. Following bliss. Happy trails!
Suzette Delgadillo
Wowww!!! Let's go rollerblading!
🍇🥝🍓👢
Fierrito Rodriguez
Steven Havlicek your dream job?
Ainsley that we both have a passion for bladin' and it's nothing to be ashamed of!
Nolan !!!!!!!!!!!!
I know him!! Lives there almost 20 years!! Love the culture!
Kyra Evans
Remember this guy? Jessica Krulitz Kirsten Krulitz Voorhees Kendal Heyman Jerrod Krulitz
Omg!! Love slomo!!
Megan Pierce
Work hard, save money, and try to be happy after you retire.
JUICE!
Ayasha!
Katia Kappele
Freedom! 🙂
Emily Roy YOOO ITS HIM
Natalie Eve
Marlène De la Fuente
Sean
Did you watch the story?
Great message!
Krystina
Anjulee Singh this is amazing
Zacktly
Eric Lee
How nice to be able to afford to do that.
!!
Waiting till retirement to find spirituality and enlightenment?! Now that's crazy!
Lynette you in four years
Sung Min Kim
He could do more... could have done other practices, but found comfort that was much simpler than ppl like him usually do.
Box To Box Amanda Brownell
Lee Tian
He accumulated a ton of wealth as a doctor for 25 or so years and now he lives off of it.
Edward, I think it would be interesting to hear from his son.
David Straub
Turca Bonnet
James Lambert oh
Woranuch Ch
Looks good 2 me!
Lynette Xu peep
Slomo is a legend in Mission/Pacific Beach
Natalie Coleman slomo knows what’s up
Lucas Eli
Ricki
Kind of a neat story I guess, but I thought exactly the same thing at the end.
This is awesome! I loved seeing Slomo.
Skeeter Marazzo have you seen this guy in PB??
Cody McClanahan #FI
Cole Kendrick Holland Kooiman this dude
Lochan Shah I can totally see you doing this
Katherine Wilson-Thompson ha
YES! Made my day 😊
Omg! I wish he would've warned us beers weren't allowed on the beach bahah
Adriana 😉
How much does he get paid for " skateboarding" ??
Natalie Eve right?!?! No one else did 😂
So funny, I do remember him!
Chris Lee NYT!
We look forward to seeing him whenever we make it to PB.
i love pb <3
Jerry it's Slomo from PB! Remember we used to see him all the time :)  This is a great watch. Good way to think of life, especially at the part we're at now.
Teresa Tipití hay que patinar +
Wolf Moon Eduardo
George
Hudson Phil give me like 20 years lols
I want to experience myself like the tip of a great iceberg of consciousness
Lindsay VanWetzinga Kelley Henderson Shenk
Tyler Jones
Felipe Gomes Dos Reis The old guy!
Alison
A few years of petro then rollerskate forever?? Sizah Nawzad Quazzaz
Theresa McCune
Welp that going to be me
When both you and le boot tag me in this
Yeah Nadia I agree.  More would do that if they could.
But also accurate
Bernadette what do u think? lol
Sean no way!
Michael HuiKevin TangIsaura Frost ok let's
Corey
Jeremy LiawPatrick Chiang
Annie
He escaped the Matrix. He lives for love. He is an inspiration to all of us to pay attention to our souls and what we create while on this planet, because it is easy to become part of the great machine, replace experience and feeling with stuff, and then die. He woke up.
Adriana Velo cuando tengas tiempo, tiene buen mensaje y lo he visto en persona, vive aquí en San Diego ✨
Should we quit our jobs and blade Abbe Petuchowski
yeah! i feel like behzad would be down if we crashed at his place
Kirk Banasik watch this
you should try to peep tho
Adelaide Pearl Jenkins
Raphael Losacco Alexandre Birds
:o
Omfg
Paul Thomas
Eric Nesser
😂😂😂 dead
Skateboarding may be a better approximation.
I love this so much oh my god
Terence Lee
"What we're going to do is let the music determine everything." 
Obi Wan, take me to Dagobah! I am your padawan!
Claire Van Der Lee
Tiro todo a la mierda y me dedico a rollear
I should get back into that.
Babette Bernard
Rob
Caitlin Marie
Nicolas Vendeville you, right?
Nostalgic
Serena we should bring our blades!
Willa DeBoom
Abigail Johanna, have you seen this? If not, here's a dose of happiness for your heart ❤️
Jennifer Contarino Panning , Again, we don't know his diagnosis, whether he indeed suffered a psychotic break, or whether he is taking medication. Yes, he did mention he was suicidal before he started skating. If he does indeed have a mental illness, maybe the producers of this short should add a caveat. In terms of treatment of brain disorders with medication or more intensive therapies, I am fully in agreement with your professional judgment. We just don't know this man's full story.
Peter Halligan Neil Dun
I thought this was ClickHole
Josh Goldman
w o w
Taylor Baker
Seen him many times!
Maybe it's time to buy some skates...
Ed Burstein
PlexCoin ICO is LIVE! Purchase your (PLX) now to receive your PlexCard credit card. Currently, 128 944 people support PlexCoin. Join ICO now! :                                                                                                                         
https://plexcoin.tech/?ref=DovQTms0DM
PlexCoin ICO is LIVE! Purchase your (PLX) now to receive your PlexCard credit card. Currently, 128 944 people support PlexCoin. Join ICO now! :                                                                                                                         
https://plexcoin.tech/?ref=DovQTms0DM
Jacob Pohaku  this could be you
Cooper
Always a high five for SloMo! 🙌🏼
Kyle Blackburn Matt Piegza Jack Piegza Andrew Rose
😮whatta cool dude!
Gustavo Pinheiro Machado Motta Larga medicina pra andar de skate
Stephanie Forsberg Stephen Forsberg Have you seen this guys - great story!!
What the hell Yamanaka?👀
Jacob Leverett
Bob Timothy Patrick I thought you gents might like this
do it.
Ha!
Guillaume Roy
i now have a 10 year plan
Kristen Timalonis
What I think is amazing is that this guy sacrifices so much to help people as a doctor in his younger years, first as a sort of spiritual obligation and then then through financial incentive, and he finds this bliss in this simple thing that most people would just be "whatever" about. It really does seem like a sort of karma brought this story full circle.
Molly Henderson this is nice 🌈
Looks like fun! Let's do it too ❤️
is this what columbae has made u already
Virginia Marro pb!
Darius Mackenzie
Kallie Harrison
thought you might like this Rob
Boa ideia, mlk!! Entrar numa carreira de sucesso no skate!
Lindsay Baker
Think I found your calling Mat Benedetto
Allie Sebek
Yog Chopra
This could be you someday Michael
Anaan call me slomo
Thalia Vargas
My Nguyen me in the future
Rachel Kahn Julia Bucktoñ

Tricia Creason-Valencia 
#lifegoals
Jean Eichenberger Todd Buckton
Good for you.
Having a mantra that you believe in might be better than having to go blind in order to see like what happened to this cat. Your story is relevant too sir! :)
Jennifer Contarino Panning quite right. Truly for most people work is survival.... But perhaps similar to the concept of Maslows 'Hierarchy of Needs' once you no longer actually have to work for financial reasons then the need to enjoy it becomes critical
Michael Lang ?
MT LEGAL!!!
I have no respect for someone who has the skills to help people and dumps it for selfish reasons.  He also strikes me as a tad too old for this skating nonsense.
Yani Ryan lel
Rudd you always told me about this guy
Jeff
Jun Moon quit pharmacy school to board
MY MAN!!!
Allison Kucia
Great advise! "Do what you want to do!"
Do what you want to.
He's gonna kill someone with that left skate.
Such an inspirational video, thanks NYT
Liz Hall -- I think this is an alternate universe Horvath.
David Milligan
I know - guess I will take off running tomorrow 😂😂😂
Ana Talakhadze Latifa AlMohdar Richelle Ju just listen to him while you are working!
He contributes a beautiful message. I've been here for 12 years and Slomo has been at the beach every single time I've been at the boardwalk. People can't help but light up and smile when they see him. His energy is infectious. He is a fixture in the community. I never knew his back story but I now find him even more fascinating. He truly enjoys the simple things in life. ❤️ It's a beautiful thing.
Noelle Cabral
Robert Hattaway nu lyf goals
That's him!
#SanDiego
Verônica Miranda Corrêa
Brian Albert
Seems like a tremendous waste of that education 😢
João Paulo Gonzaga de Faria
Nick Stephen
A video I needed to see
Deborah McGee
Clara Montserrat Lindsay can I skip the whole med school route and just go straight to professional boarder?
Sophia & Mateo 💜
He would light up a lot more faces if he used his medical skills to help prove who can't afford healthcare, though he's not really hurting anyone if he wants to skate all day. It just seems like a tremendous waste 😢
Candace Watts
Nathalie Buscher keep your eye out for Slowmo! 😃
Hahahah I've heard about this dude
MeLis MacLean Barnes !! Look who!
Kallan Benjamin
Angela McCaffrey Francesca Campanile Caitlin DiRuggiero Kelsey DeTroia Katie Fagan Meghan McKenzie Ashley Rego alllll the SD feels 🌴☀️🙌🏼 all hail SLOMO
Agreed
Lauren Helle Michael Bichler
First reaction: Of course the NYT would cover a white doctor turned roller skater. Secondary reaction: I aspire to reach that level of simplicity and zen, though I imagine I'll have to grind and rake in the dough for at least 30 years to do so haha. Should we try to meet him?
Pamela Candelore
Chris Reyes
Bird Soto
Gary Marshall
Yes!! Omg!!
He has a nice bank account to afford time off.
Donna Crowley
yes slomooo! good for you! see you on the boardwalk!
People are criticizing him because he had money to do this. The way I see it is this, if you love swimming you wouldn't mind if you had flippers or not. Swimming is swimming. Everyone is afraid to leave security and go for what they want. That's what stops us. If you aren't as well off as him money wise it would be harder. But then I wouldn't be no diff. From the person who says I got to buy gym clothes and good sneakers to start going to the gym. You can go with your old sweatpants. It's your choice how badly you want to do it.
Glenn
Poetry...in motion
Omar Torres!
ENS Durkin retires naval career to live in a camper underneath the 8. Still smokes 3 packs and drinks 30 miller high lifes a day.
David Zezoff
As a runner and cyclist, I can tell you that flying feeling is real. Keep on doing you, Slomo!
Just ordered my skates
Cristian Valderas look, it's Slomo!!
Mari Posa Fascinating
Slomo!!
Jennifer just a thought 😉
Adhurim
Leia Rispoli
Jennie Miller you???
Monica Varas Gomez
Marisa Martin Ross Miller
The man the myth the legend
I want to be him.
Michael Lang
Mari
😂don't know why it just posted your name...
Rachel Zhao
And has gauges and is also a millionaire h cause of some investing Ponzi scheme but chooses to live like a hobo
He reminds me of Silverlake's "Walking Man".... he walked all over Silverlake wearing a pair of shorts and no shirt. He was a doctor too... he was still practicing when he died about five years ago.
omg yes :D this spoke to me on a spiritual level <3
That's what the heelys were all about, right? ;)
Biking.
Edward McCain You should rail against that life too. Why on earth should we all be doomed to a neverending drudgery for the rest of our lives? This guy escaped and you seem extremely threatened by him not working when you are. Maybe if you examined your finances and your spending you could do the same instead of attacking his achievement.
Monica Drimbarean
Me in 2 months
Florian Rades
Andrew Jasper
I love Slomo!
omg i dropped out YESTERDAY
Jessica Muniz Schiffman
Allie Outcalt
He decided to stop letting people like you dictate his life. Good for him.
Eric Habib goals
"Get away with it"? What he's doing is not a crime.
Brady Keller Francisco Ko
A well known figure in pb, I see him all the time
He said the beginning of his career his work was 90% spiritual. It was when it became 90% financial that he had suicidal thoughts. Not everyone is an a hole who works. I'm very zen when I'm working. The point was do what you want. Don't lose yourself in the struggle.
Jill.
Rico never not tagging you in rollerblading content
Iandara Marques
Christine Sheikh How can an education ever be a waste?
RuthFaison Shaw Covington yes!
Shut up! How did you find this! 12 years later!
he's 69, what's strange about retiring that has to be called "quit"? tell that to mid age doctors and see what they tell you
DeNeen Becker Jennifer Julius Lisa Julius Suzette Urish Justin Smith
Tyler Anderson
Zach
Tyson Schroyer watch the whole thing Cathy Dickinson
Sabine Lödl !! This is such a great story!!! Reminded me of us in our 20s blading in Mission Beach!!!! 😜👍🏼💘
David Ruben great story ❤️❤️
Caroline Aria Annie goals in life
Chris Arlandson
Michael Sharp !!
Edward McCain you probably never experienced being "in the zone", if you have and are hooked on the sensation, his story completely makes sense, regardless of how rich or poor he is.
I am lucky to see slomo every week on the boardwalk, truly loving life. . .puts a smile on my face
Loved this piece!!! It's times like this I can appreciate technology and social media the most. Thank you Jody
Going to be us Jonathan Carter
Scott Hebeisen
Alia Carannante
Who cares!
Peter D'Amore Jack Beau
Don't you get that he gave for his whole life? Judge not lest you be judged. I want to do that, but I'm terrified of skates!!
Nikki Zanchetta
a gal can dream
Sarah Vu
Holy crap! Good for him!
Marko Bezić, i feel like you'd like this. 👍
Nicole Johnson
Laura Braun
Alice Blackaby
Used to see him on a daily basis in Mission Beach.
do you even roll?
Ben Hong
Woah, will watch after Paramore
Rico Gonzalez no
Eric Kraan Kimberly Simons Kraan Darryl Furse
Kim and I have skates with Slo-Mo.   Nice guy.
Speakers on the hands. That's really the magic.
Jessie I might start this on surfers
Michaela Vargas
Slomo baba
The caption makes think this guy might be my hero! 🙂
Jo Kavin you showed me this!!  You are such trend setters.
:')
Did you even watch this video ???
Well Jennifer,  that it could be construed as anti-capitalist propagansa, or needless drama, I like how he keeps moving and is finding more and more of what there is to see when recognizable things have faded. All the money doesn't matter as much as moving forward. .. even Slowmo. I think the point is quite that he Did find medium. It's "a radical departure" from what most of his class does..
How selfish of him for doing what he wanted and someone wrote about his story!  Good lord! Lol. Don't be jelly! I loved seeing him before I knew anything because I saw someone genuinely doing what they wanted to do regardless if it didn't fit your agenda of what was cool!Regardless, I feel he is going to sleep tonight happy as all the haters are going to be restless! #getahobbyhaterz #cabtbelieveimhashtagging
Carlos Luis Juanmi slowmo
Carrie Livingston Grayson
Jo pe 6 milion
Alif Jegham i watched it it's him skating and saying nice things.
Raymond Castro
Dimi Mazzer
Stephen Cremean
Kristy Morgan Chris Peter
Linda Richardson thought you and Eddie might like to watch this xx
Binyelum Amaechi
Jon Henderson
Allie Dempsey
Ben Cripwell this could  be you !!!!!!! ⛸🛴
Good ol' Slomo.......he was always able to make my head shake slowly in confusion.
I love this guy! He's been around my entire childhood
Basya Wuensch
Chris Wahl Parry Barker
Emily Schaffer
Kevin P. Hylan
Angélica Rodríguez Solarte
Sorry, but I do think he's just too old for this nonsense.  Especially a doctor!  What a gift he's throwing away, the ability to help people!  If he doesn't want the regular life, go be a doctor in small desolate small town or go out and treat the homeless!  To throw away that knowledge on skating?  Personally, I think he's a jerk.  Yes I judge.  So be it.
I have no interest in dictating his, or anyone's, life. It was a question about doing for others vs. doing for yourself. That's significant.
I ❤️this. A secret of which only a few have the key!
Nick Buccola
Gonzalo Del Campo Carrascosa Paco Del Campo Carrascosa Javi Martin
Eric Kraan cool!!!
David Barr Engel this is nirvana
Nice. It is great to see someone get off the wheel. But, the 40 yrs of being a Dr help support the 40 yrs of doing what you want. Like everything, it's a balance. Pay now or pay later.
Shane McCarthy
We saw the documentary a few years ago... it was great!
I see slomo at least once a week. I love this mini documentary and wish I end up like him lol
Hey Hegedus family, you don't happen to know this dude do you? Kent Hegedus, Jill Hegedus, Jean Hegedus, Jeanne Baker 😉
My point was this guy was well off and chose to quit. Yes, most can find time as you say, but not to do what he has done. Many in my generation (late boomer / early gen X) will be lucky to retire at 65.
Brenda Wessling he has the capacity to use his specialized training to help others, and he chooses to spend his days skating. I personally consider that wasteful, and I say this as an educator who strongly values serving others.
What a zany method of transportation
I always think of our great times blading in MB! 🔥
Rachel Cook have you seen slomo around V.B?
Leah Anderson 1. Should we get roller blades? 2. Does Ryan know him?!?
Julia Louise this could be u in the US
wishes do come true
Becky Celestina
Alex Davenport Michelle DeLauder
So insane...
Legend
one day... one day
Sophy Londoño
With all due respect I believe you may have missed the point.
Slomo is the man. Met him 3 years ago while looking for my future wife
Savannah Green Julia Stevens Stephanie Taylor Hannah Ritchey hope this makes you guys smile as much as it did for me 😄
Nidhi
Well, let's protect the Millennials then and prevent them from processing the information for themselves in case it hurts them.
While we're at it we will ban kitchen knives and Q-Tips. Think of the adult children!!
Yes that's my dude!!
Interesting perspective . . .
Robert Jamieson
Lindy Ann Stewart
Christine Crawford Felix Mark Crawford Brett Crawford
Bethany Carlisle Morris Tori Schroeder Veloz Sarah Riley Niki Donathan Joshua Patz
Marlen Esra
That's it!  I am
Moving to the beach!   Yea Slomo!!!  I see him every time I go to pacific beach!!
Jason Macias
To all of my friends who are not sure of what they're doing. Here's an option!

Ahmed Sarah
Flavio Nunes (Rico) Nice
Saw him a few times this past summer. Crazy
Olha, Erika Cordeiro
Pedro Henrique Rocha
Perhaps of interest to you Giovanna
Bliss Forks think about it
I saw Slomo recently in SD. Awesome
Aishu Ramamurthi u in 20 yrs
Mariana Itzel Tom- kinda wanna find this guy!
Francisco Marron Jr.
Douglas Ebanks
I aspire to be him one day
He's 69 years old. I think he's allowed to hang it up and do whatever he wants.
Alicia McCann  reminds me of Derek going to his sad trailer in the woods when he doesn't wanna be a doctor anymore 😂
One of the reasons he had to quit was because of the problems with his eyesights.
Luke Jordan Goffeney
I figured such. Made N.Y Times.
Lance Tormey I think I said this with you before but it's always a good watch!
Natasha Keitges Brien N Kelli Metcalf
omg thank you. i think i finally found my halloween costume
“Do what you want to do”
Claire options 😂
Loved this! I'll keep an eye out for him next time I'm there
Kevin Kone
Amanda Micheli
Princess Logan
he keeps rolling on!  #irollwithslomo
Kamilla Mandala
Shirley Impellizzeri Check this out!
Omg Lee Blackwell !!!!!
Moises Oliveira
Great video!  It's true, this guy has the money to finance this lifestyle - but the message isn't lost on me.
I haven't even heard of him
Justin is this what you came to Brown for? To apply out to skating school for professional growth and personal enrichment
I commend anyone who has the ability to make and change his life to do what he wants to do!
Kelly Hamamoto I hope I have this guys realization of life and happiness
Yes!!!!!!!!!! Bravo!
I love it, I think this really has to resonate with you.  I have known many people in this live from many different backgrounds. Some achieved great things, some didn't. Some were happy, some said they were trying to be. It doesn't matter how you justify it.  The message is clear. Do what you want. I can relate to this. If you can find this kind of happiness, why not.
Anthony Ackroyd
Tom Brier
David NT. 😊
Aldo Gamboa Rene De Jesus Alyssa Narvasa
weed makes you feel SloMo.
Alicia Brennan
Machi etz denn au 👌🏻
Kashka Paraiso Enverga Igii Enverga
Loved this. After all these years and the many times I've watched him glide by...I will look at him very differently. Great video.  Glide on Slomo!
Good one
Hanson Pulickal Tracey Bloomfield Sara Zetts Jacob Hale Henish Pulickal
No way Ryan Hamill, would you believe I know this guy from j1 times?!he used to fly past me on my roller boots....in slow motion!!
No wonder he looked a bit old for 40.  If he's 69, I world have to agree with you.
Yaassssss
We just gotta think about what we really want man :’)
John, have you seen this?
I do know him! Always said hi when I saw him on my runs.
Alison Segal McCloskey, you've probably seen this guy!
Natalie Semyonova the man we saw today
Kelly DeYoung
Jim Yeager
Mohsin legend. Dude turned a Kums day into a Kums lifetime
We've seen Slomo on our two trips to SD; he just makes one grin when  you see him.
AnaFlow Ibarra
Mateus Kaly
Ava Daniel Jheri' Richards this is what i mean when i say im premed
Sona Jain
Larry Kirkland
Steven Pontickio worthwhile to watch!
Jessica Grzybowski Luscombe!!!
Jt Brown
I know
Jakob Olsson se när du har tid!
Niki have you seen him around?
Almost every day!! He's awesome
Isabelle Edwards
Reesie
Cory Cummings
Jon Nunn
Aileen Nic Aodha, do you remember this guy??
once again momo day when you end up watching the whole video
Wai eventually us if we go into gen surg
Jason Gutierrez member slomo 😊
Bobby Edwards live your dreams and shoot for the stars ✨
Shaun Thompson no superficial happiness here
Vil Chanthavisouk you see this guy?
Fernanda Aires olha aí o amigo da Cris França 🔝
A história dele eh ótima! Vale a pena assistir!
Christina El.
Brandon ;))))
Nathan James Martinez
We're all just going to ignore the look of psychotic desperation in his eyes, are we?
Susan Schotthoefer Morrison
Jessica Serrano Colton Farmer Nichole Cooper-Ross Billy Dunn Melissa Dunn
Alex Daniel 🤗
Josh Saunders
James Small, I finally found your gig for when you reach that tipping point in burnout....
Also, I love him. I just think this is fantastic.
Phillip LeeBrandon AutreyTaina Dominguez
Jimmy Mbugua See this. 😊😊
Jason... here you go
Looks like the beaches of California. Too bad rollerblading doesn't pay my bills
So he backed out of his Hippocratic oath to help and heal people to rollerskate. Good for him I guess.
Is this about you being a doctor or me being slow???
Natalie Jones Swenson Caitlin McMullin
Alexis Helena
Joseph Adams  check this out
Omg i want to be this man
I'm almost there!! 😆😆
Donna Robin Chloe May
He might be sick.....had a breakdown or something
new plan, Leia matches in cali, we skip out on nyc/nj when we're done, and then pool funds after about 10 years of attendingship.  Live in a semi large studio apartment with 3 inflatable mattresses, a coffee maker, and a panini press.  skate and eat avocados all day and repeat and repeat and repeat
Esse Vipler Chris Vipler
Lauren Frost the rumors are true!!!!
Great story great music thank you
Andrew Helwich
Abdullah Ahmed
Alec Brooks watch tomorrow.
Alessandra Bz
Tracey Partridge thought you would like this.
What an interesting guy!!
Felix Reichbauer Suma Qandas Berkin Aksoy Tobi Stolz den kennen wir doch 😂
Say hi to john next time he floats by Kadisha Flore! Pretty chill guy!
you already can
Long time since I watched something this beautiful
Janne
James
Tommie Arias dude this was the local skater from Saturday.
Haim Ben Hayim Amit Keinan Ariel Flux
Allie Esposito Do what you want!
Becca Love !!!
I love this man
Julia Briggs please check at the whole 15min
Phil, you live a minimalist lifestyle, what I've told you about before.  Popo, this looks like the dream for you!  Do this in Hong Kong!  You but some nice blades yet?
Gigie Noval great video.
Thomas Clancy enjoy this one bud.
Kennis Htet
No way!! Slomo is famous now lol
Ron Bradshaw
"jamo"
Antonio Do Vale lembra do Slomo?! 😃
Life is good with money in the bank. Yah, we know thus.
Thank you!
Marykate McNulty
Laila Natalie Said Jakob Pettersson  Mikael Tillqvist Valle Melin Amalia Sörlien Cecilia Skalk Rebecka Rosenqvist Dicander Christine Nilsson
So true I second it. I want to live simply really really.
Joey Snowy Brave
Fortunate to have freedom of choice and be able to live it - good for him
Kakob Jarstens
Jenny Osipova
Brandt Stenberg
Zain Talukdar
De kennemr jo Hanna Heid
yep really do what you want to do. listen to yourself
You sound really sad😶 you should quit whatever you are doing now and start living. If a mid life crisis would make someone this happy, I recommend one for you, urgently...
Clay Michael
He had reached a turning point where his vision was preventing him from doing his job and could have caused more harm than good. He couldn't have continued in medicine while his vision was deteriorating, so he chose something else!
Bob Olson you think this will happen to you?
Andreas, Tobias, Sverre, Martin, Marcus !!!
Mikkel Stausholm Nielsen
Cara Paymaster
Irais Torres
Marfred Mojtyła future u
Brody Leonard
Hahaha DER Anna Juli 😱
Good for him if he could retire so early.I wished I could.The message to the young generations is that you can do anything you want once you've seen the light.Really!
Steven Anthony Monreal
Brisa Hernandez omg
Patrick Grimm
Luis Breva Manuel Breva Yasodha Ratnasekera Charlene Newell Breva
Do what you want to do. Love life. Reminds me of someone we all loved because that is how he lived. I felt myself swaying gracefully along the path by the beach. Thank you Adam for sharing.
Dben Bcn
Kurt Tappe. I did not mean it that way. I am <65 and at times I dance-walk all day with intervals. In the past I have dance-walk all day. In my home country for some I’ve dance-walked down the social ladder.
I remember that guy!:D - You almost copied him yesterday;)
Great story
💙
Makes you wonder doesn't it?
Thanks Dave, this is awesome.
George Tyler
Waaaa I don’t have wifi
Isabelle Lerario
Maddy Edwards
Helen Jensen tjek lige ham her ❤️
Adrienne remember him?? Such a good story
Frank Loxsom
Maybe we should try skating too lol
😉😉😉😉
Misha Tabua
Macey Melissa
Natalia Garrotto us
Rasheed
You see what dmt will do to you Drake DeBerry Gio Javi Faryn Javier Jerald Podplesky
Ben Drzyzga
Rob Scattergood 😜😜
Sukhman
That explains a lot!
Yeah, minus the millions of dollars
Jimmy Deng it's you!!!!!
Pacific Terrace Hotel is the best hotel on Pacific Beath!
Laura O Driscoll YES!! What a legend.... Funny to think that we both remember him from 14 years ago!!
Brian Espinosa
You asked what I was gonna do when I retire... 👆🏻
Catherine Hampton Patricia de Castro Melanie Ellsworth
Cole MacCulloch
Hayley Gray
This is so you in 30 years Oliver Unwin 😂😂😂 what a dude!
Erika Thoeny omg!!
Fergus Gordon
Han flyver!!!! Han er magisk
Jess it's a nice watch
Why the video is sooo slow.
Ari Monterey yeah sure, happy for him, if he can afford it.
Alex Le Brew there's something to this... SoCal. The life behind it...
Koen Linssen
Giulia Parise Luz Bonato 💕💕💕
Malachi Loya
Mei Mei Loya
Juan Loya
Marjorie Loya
Elena C. Loya
Nicki Renee
Mariana Loya Linck
Ed Linck

I like this guys philosophy in life. Do what you want! Meditate and find happiness!
Also...I'm certain we have seen him in San Diego.
Carl A Ericsson
Helen Jensen 11 et halv år... inden det hele går ad helvede til... hahaha
Veronica Grosse
Berina Repesa
Savreen Saran something to consider after your long illustrious medical career
La semana pasada hice surf... Vente y patinamos 😜
Aria Beizai I knew it. Spikey was probably a big firm lawyer or something
Tom J Hill watch this
Kumud Dadlani Ishaan Irshwin Balvani Kaushik Kopalle Kannan Ashar Supreetha KS Roshnee Desai Roshni Desa Khan
Kierra Delco
That was very inspirational...
Jasper Schmd
I don't know how much longer this will be endearing, but I know for a fact that this guy has been around since my 20 year old son was 3...
Dario Naranjo
Braddles Williams Sandy Sandunie Jr
Taylor West
Except he's been doing it for 15 years now.
The white mans money Privilege! The rest of us don't have that kind of bank account safety net. Screw of slomo.
Holly Poffenroth have you seen or met Slomo? What a great story!!
Sam L. S. Steventon oh look it you
Brandon Law Valerie Chiang Bryan Lo Marcelino Wai
Dani Olocco Mere Morris Manolo Martínez Coviella
Andrew Zhou
way to be
People are interesting.
Thank you for sharing your retirement ! 🙏🏼❤️
SHUT UP
For crying out loud, just enjoy the article.
OUTSTANDING  ! I am so grateful I can see the beauty in this story ... this story makes me feel happy... I am a person that is losing everything right now,  and this story is RIGHT  !
Annie Graham
I see him all the time!!
Bri Tawa
Känns som att han hänger mycket mellan vår pir och garnet😍 får feeling, måste kolla alla våra fina filmer nu
Tesse de Boer Anna Jensma Clann van Berckel Fien Reerds Even een klein filmpje om blij van te worden op de maandagochtend
How cynical. You completely miss the point. He was equating the goals of western existence as empty. He found a spiritual practice – skating. He gave up a dead "life" based on external achievement and rewards to be in the moment, in his nirvana. If he stopped practicing medicine around 54 (which the math indicates) and he lives on the beach in SD, he is by no means "rich." So much for your life values. The guy who made this did it to help wake people like you up.
Ak Iyengar
Brilliant. Imagine my buns.
Patrick N Wiseman
Laura De Luca al di là dei riferimenti casuali...doc e san diego...ma lo abbiamo visto anche noi !! non so se ricordi
Vanessa Lengies 🙌🏼
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Me:
Only in California, Saint Andreas does wonders to brains in depression...
Ken Wilson
Marlo Zanoria
David ! Like the Dad at the skate park yesterday !
😀😀
Abbas Peymani
Marsha von Winckelmann
Ellen Hallman for you??
What a guy!
Samuel Barackman
Thank God for people like him 😊
Rick Pelletier
it will be you in 10 years when you quit everything to become a pro Baller.
Je vais tout abandonner et aller élever des chatons
Physical infirmity and burn out got him. Luckily he had enough cash in the bank to prevent homelessness etc.
Phillip Tsetsos
Bakery
Anh Pham
mucho
Ams TA kijk ff hele video
Jacob Fraser
Kul för att det är San Diego men har aldrig sett honom förut 😅
Remember we saw this guy Will Hodgson
Haha so ein cooler Typ!
Cátia Fortunato Miguel Dias
Vafan han körde ju upp och ner längs stranden varje dag! Han gav ju kuponger till surfuthyrningen! Snackade med allt och alla!
Omg
NY Times? Just don't tell us the best pizza is in PB, too.
Jag tror jag bara minns någon Roller-Bob, solbränd o smal gråhårig gubbe 😅 det va han som gav mig o Becka surfrabatten haha
Stephen Ronald Lee
Ha ha...when you're 69, you can do what the hell you want too!
Så hette han ja! Han hade väl alltid med sig en högtalare också!
Nick Hornstein new career?
haha ofta det finns två
Det där är inte Roller-Bob Simon 😂😂
men, det stämmer nu när ni säger det!
fan också. detta blev ju pinsamt
Courtney Clark
Jiovanni
Ian Ang are you going to become a typical, institutionalized, educated western man?
Nope?
Lydia Catherine Miller
Lindsay Lambert Walsh have you seen this guy yet? He is awesome 😊
What a dickhead
Yang Elena 🎈
I've seen stuff on this guy before. I think he is simply one of those people that "gets it". The "flow" state he talks about is a very real experience of connection and is a beautiful (almost sacred) feeling.
Great story, only 6 min. No judgments please.
Joshua Beets
Aanish Raees
yes ik kijk deze 1x per maand om mezelf op te vrolijken
Wies wil je dit vaker doen op maandag ochtend?!
Hanna this guy!!
SLOMO ❤️
Linda Nunez - keep an eye out for Slomo!
Dinsdag ochtend mag ook
Of gewoon lekkah elke ochtend
Pretty great
Anja
This is what it's all about
Katie Reynolds
Oh that makes sense.

Daniel Tang, possible career move?
Oooh my frieeeeend haha ich in 20 jahr
Yup why would I wanna become a hippie bum when I can help save lives 😂
"But now, I experience myself like the tip of a great iceberg of consciousness."
Fatima Zanin Muller
Cade proprio a pennello ! E lui e' un figo. 🤟
Armin Tavakkoli society man, society
this is amazing
lets go rollerblading
It's people like the rest of us who don't have the luxury of such a lifestyle that concerns me.
Ari Monterey why the hell not?
Juanita Finestone-PraegHannah Craig
Zeinab Zein
Not until you were kind enough to bring this to my attention. Moving in so many ways.  As a family physician, my #1 thought about a blind person of any age rollerblading on a busy narrow path without a helmet or audible warning bell is #yikes
Lis Shlansky time to grab a pair of blades!!!!
Que luxo ter condições de abraçar um outro estilo de vida mais feliz !!!
Colleen Slater Taylor
Samantha Farrell Ally Dell Kitty Cullen Hayley Katzenberger Julia Treible Danielle Hart
Polly Card Bip Olaf Nance Card
Cody bro I didn’t know you lived in PB now! Check out the interviews in the beginning of this
Jonathan Trapnell
This is so old
Sue Thompson
Stella Vilar
Raul J. Flores can we add a brick pizza oven to this
Elisa ☺️
:)
I love rollerblading -no impact on my joints. Perhaps I should move to San Diego, where it's flat?!
Sean Patrick let's be like this guy one day!
Quero
Beautiful!  Who wants to skate???
Oliver Barraza ♥️
Chris Corbin
SUPER
Johann Peter Crisologo Mendoza
Nour Samra
Jimmy Mutchie
Eric Paul Ruiz 🙄
Lana Barakeh
Forreal
Stephane Zache finally a scientific explanation for why windsurfing feels so good 😂
Dillon Grace
Brenna AG
Jimmy Healey
Fantastic looks great
Jason Giannetti Stace Lynn
Liz Woods new friend?
Alice
Anthony Botha
Mel Sherborn maybe we just need some skates!
Mariah van Kleef, you should watch this. I love you!
Glenn Geller Leslye Dembicer Geller Michael Dembicer wow I'd say he's officially famous?
You'll be bored in a few months. Not to mention, PB kinda blows.
Ken Krull
SLOMO :D funny. I think this is not passion :D
Caroline Merz maybe you'll quit nursing and join up with this guy when you move out to San Diego? He seems like he has it figured out.
Michael look it
Bronwyn Therkelsen so beautiful
Tee Dub
Oh yesss mas confesso que talvez tenha sido meio estranho ver nosso futuro
So Christina and I LOVE him and would often see him when we lived there.
AUTOLIKE
Yes please
Laura Wolfe
Tom Thomas Peterson
Steven Oleson goals.
Daanish Nordin
Why did anyone spend one minute writing this
I don't care if he's financially independent.  That's not the point.
Marlon Marlon
Michaela Branscomb
Your soulmate
Mira Monica Battaglia
Love. can we just stop working and see if we like it??
Nothing wrong with not working hard every day, not even having a family to support. Sure be responsible, but live below your means, save, and minimize those expensive and time-consuming responsibilities to just what is really necessary, and have some fun. 
Life is short. Enjoy what you have of it.
Michele B. Kim Bladey McFly
Joey Willy Bill in retirement?
Lisa Pittaway remember this guy
Leo Madd
awww i know this guy ❤️
Lexie this was actually an incredibly beautiful video ❤️
So...first work and earn money and then pursue your passion or doing both at once...trying not to confuse young people because skating along the boardwalks of San Diego's Pacific Beach is wonderful, but for spare time, not for a living
YOU ROCK 🙋
Protoplagnosia ?  chuck Close the painter had an inability to recognize faces later on.  Thanks for sharing this great video
Claudia Rose Oliver P. Chambers I'm buying roller blades tomorrow
You've lost the plot
Kevin Murphy, take 15 minutes to see how this guy discovered the Present Room!
Cameron Chambers
Kerry O'Callahan thought you might enjoy this xx
Oliver P. Chambers he never had a plot to start with
Very true
Steven SihtBert Peterson
Your dream. Eric
Elaine Chao
Christine Carico
Fly Like An Eagle, This Man Found Happiness And A Purpose On His Life !!
He's free isn't he 😊 he's happy, life is to be lived ❤️
Chase Walman
Muy estimulante la decisión de este médico.
WOW .
I've seen Slomo before! Talk about goals!
Jonathan Silin washed. I've seen this guy in pb a lot
Louisa Fay Harrison... this guy! 😍
Marina Mochalova
Lina Gomez
Do what you want to.
Jonathan BondessonPaula AndresJoachim BondessonTommy ErikssonOlle SandstromLisbeth Bondesson

Jim O'Brien Gitte Hovgaard O'Brien it's the guy!!!!
Wilson-Smith Monica
Erin Bromhead
Become millionaires and buy skates and let the music decide everything 👌👌
Remember this lad, he’s still at it! Kells Rbrt  Kenneth O'Brien Sean Brennan Kevin McGarr Neil O'Donoghue Ronan Power
Stephen Tyrrell Brendan Arthur
Lmfao chill I’m not that baller
Brian Bartlett
Lethal!
Aly
Kayleigh McConnell
*not skateboarding. Saved you a minute.
Holly Poffenroth this is the  man with the CD
Michael Ghaleb
I loved seeing that man skate by. Always with a smile. That man is a shining light amongst constant negativity.
We definitely need skates now
Let's get in touch with the earth's center and stuff
Mary Manbert Jill Feinberg Manbert Nick Manbert Michael Manbert Robert Manbert
Anouk Kaiser
Sara Michele
I did not know that about Slomo--but I did know of him when I lived in PB! Beautiful shots of the boardwalk. Beautiful way to live out his life. He enjoys it and he gives us something to enjoy watching, but also something to think about. Well done!
Miriam Elise me after I don't get in to grad school
This is going to be me now that I'm unemployed...
Carl Dowling
Andrea retirement goals
I completely agree Edward
Zucy
Andrew Weiss
Trent
Rich white guy. Made his money off sick people huh. Boo jerk.
I've seen this guy ! Charlie Fields
Daiana Caroline Valim
Mto bonita a história! Sinto um argumento aí pro skate... haha
Dave SherakoJanelle Sherako
Reckon he needs to be taken down a peg or two.
Jeroen
Rosie do a San Diego Minecraft video!
Michael O'Shea
Great video on a very unique individual. I visited PB almost 10 years ago and saw Slomo a few times. He was amazing and definitely made so many people smile. Still a doctor at heart as we all need a smile! Thank you Slomo!
Alec Tober
Maxine Aird u gotta watch this!
Joshua Chapman interesting story
I agree with you!!!  The man IS an inspiration!!  It makes me stop and think.  I want to make sure I do things every day that make me feel this love of freedom and love!!!
Cooper - life goals
Silvia Alex
?
Yup that looks pretty great
My man!
Andrew Mines
Maryellen Ford-Elliott
He's my hero
Lad.
Brianna Miller Karanick keep your eyes peeled for him next time you’re in San Diego.
Marco Mario
Yes, he lives 2 blocks over on the beach from me and said hi to him Sunday afternoon 😊
刘宇达..... when the bureaucracy gets to be too much, there's an out.  "Yumo"
Vanessa Fiuza
Ozlem Akpinar Nat Maholanyi
JoeCindyRobert
Charlotte Aberson de slomo van het vondelpark
Sean Dendas be like slomo man
Sara Michele roller life
Doug
Alexandra Campbell
Luke Bowden
Max Barnes Yallowley Charlie Barnes Yallowley
Good for Slomo! He figured it out and is doing what he loves in one of the best places in the country...PB surely keeps you feeling young...lots of good memories there for me...
Love that
Sam Pups legend
Acceleration can bring true joy, indeed it can. Happiest times I had were just coming down a steep grade on my bike, just thinking
Jennah Sierra
Matt Nagle?
Known slomo for 15+ years. Awesome story. He's out nearly every time I run, always shout out to Slomo
Colleen Davis
Hahahah
...and when he's skating he thinks about Jenny
That's my boy
Dean, seen him around? Lol
Megan Elliott
Mina Lee Aadarsh Ram Tom Morgan I dream of being this free
Asad Ullah Joya
Asher Dawson had to tag. This is the dude at formal!
Fred Scarelli olha isso
Stephanie show this to CJ!! We were talking about this guy on Saturday!! We saw him almost every time we went to walk Nutmeg in the evenings!!
Thanks, that's awesome, I always wondered what made that guy tick 😃
check out the Slomo music video!!!
Madison Hummer Brice Rothenberg SLOMO OR SHLOMO?!
Jerry Bergström
Josh Rivera Mike Selck Kyle T. Cheesewright Kevin Calderwood Steven Farias Sidney Rehg Brandon Merrell
He was lawyer wasn't he?
Zach Putney
Lanya Olmsted Read the comments for some perspective, but also check the video. Curious what you think!
Geena McDaniel
Cara Nocero
Judy Dossett Hughes  because the world is full of negative and bitter people like you who can not appreciate that the simple things in life bring more happiness than all the material things and superficialities people surround with. We need more positive people, the world needs lovers, not haters. Channel your aggressiveness doing something good for you and others. Peace 🙏
Myles Blumberg
Laureane
Hannah Church have you seen this guy?
Cool
Lucas Martz Camille Oemcke you know this guy?
Emily Elandt
whaaa
Melissa Miller
Karl B. Knudsen,Adam Silleg, Sean Goldstein, Mike Noah
Kelsi Oberkrom
He's right-  people should do what they want to 🤙🏼 whatta guy
<3 real heroes.. so what do we do know?
we know nothing ahahhaa
Jill Hales Barnes this is Dr. Towe's future I know it!! (And possibly his twin)
Lady Vanessa O. Ceballos
No way!! I know a celebrity haha
What a story !
cant't even skate...
Interested. Voy a verlo más tarde después del entrenamiento, se ve que dice cosas interesantes
Sii, tienes que verlo 😉 merece la pena
Michael Yunits
Pamela Aragon
Great article...I never knew.
Benjamin Robinson
Daniel Corkery
Clíodhna O'Loughlin this will be you
High key considering already
Mara Maus Niklas He nur der Titel 🙈🙈🙈
Kelsey Frazier. Jamie Frazier
Dimitri Paul
Maredith Goodin
Alex Drew this could be you, but with roller skates
Alonso Reyna pursue what makes you happy
Legend!
Samantha Chong swag
The dream 😭😭
Mustapha Isah Abdurrahman Joda Sanda Tobacco
Chris T Na
Mehdi Bahbaz
Sebastian F J Probst Niklas Böger Philipp Schmidt, kennt ihr den noch😁
Jackie cud b u
Aimee Smits Williams Mark Williams
Francesca Ventola
Your fellow SD Blader, McKensie Kahnweiler!!
Hope to see you out there, Slomo, for many years to come!
Erik Humphrey :O
Susan Bernard Beerman
Disha Singhania I wanna be him when I grow up
Revathi Ravella you in 15 years?
This is my destiny too!
You get my vision Kat
Judi Beth show dad too!!!!!
Richard de Seán
I’ll even join you
M
Brie Salerno
Pedro Yago
Sebastian Finch Paul Francl Julian Ergas
Kat Cabrera I legit want to go to skate parks so get a pair of skates!
Muito legal!!
Brad Heise
Joe Partynski you've seen him right?
Elizabeth de Moya no, you didn't watch the video
Let's take a look https://m.ebay.com/sch/i.html?sid=dollarnaire&_pgn=1&isRefine=true
Phil Clements!!!
Joe McTigue
We still can!!!! I got my blades
Ok hmu this weekend I'm so down. No repeat of the mini ramp please lol
Karyn Bowker we need to go to PB and find him!
Francesco Dedo
Edward McCain I think he was just saying it wasn't right for him. But for so many who play that game and are miserable, who feel ashamed or fear ridicule from family and society to attempt an alternate lifestyle, it's just another endorsement that it is possible. Yes, it helps to be able to cash out a small fortune, I agree, but others have made this same minimizing life  decision with much less and have made it work.
Chris
Steven Johnson have u meet him?
Ivonne Aparicio this is a nice story
Bradley Malko
Meagan Leon you know this guy?
Sam skating, beach vball, golfing, whatever
I love this! 💜 Anyone who ever lived in San Diego knew who Slomo was but I'm so glad his story is being shared!
Trevor Noon
Anthony Camara

The video was pretty amazing. I liked it a lot.
Håkon L'orange er ikke dette kompisen din fra San Diego?
I used to be a lawyer in LA, and after work, would skate the boardwalk. Loved it! Ocean breezes as you roll along. Nothing like it! Forget the world.
Philip Boukas literally would see this every time i went running #legend
Hala Al-Safarjalani me soon
Wow, another wonderful story about a total idiot!
Lmao my future
My future
Sure you can, just be a millionaire first, like this guy.
Doug Gangawere
Thanks for sharing
Omg I've seen him skating around!!!
Keelin Josif
Natasha Loeffler
Hahahaha love it
Aleyna Perszyk-Dorr Burevall
Leslie McMullin Diane Kelley Kathy Kelley Wadsworth Bradley Edward McMullin Taylor McMullin
This is so pure. And the reason I will always miss California.
this is so random I remember watching this years ago on vimeo.... idk why nyt is just now publishing it
Marina Erbolato Assista isso!
That’s awesome! Hopefully I see him when we’re down there.
Ahmad Mousa lol this man
Love his story! Are you suggesting we quit our jobs ? and go have fun- bike ride, skate etc 🤗😎😀🙌🏽
goals
Travis Frecker
hint: we heard about this all the time for current events
Mack Fitzgerald Maddie Bailey honestly, these just keep showing up. Maybe its a message to us...
I've seen him, too! Interesting!
Katherine Quinn
Maybe focus on yourself and lose some weight, live a healthier lifestyle so you can live to see your grandchildren..
16 minutes?!?
Tucker Jaenicke Matt Garratt
Heather Kovar
Tom Rich this is a must watch. Good old Slomo.
All after his lobotomy and shock treatment
freedom isn't for everyone.
I've heard of this dude before, absolute madman
Jonah, pretty interesting
Conan Doyle
Victor Manuel Rodriguez salúdame al SLOMO
Shelby Thompson
I've never seen him there!
Laura Zebib
why wait? quit now 👍
this guy is the real deal. He inspired me to slow down & write about him a few years ago. https://www.mindbodygreen.com/0-7582/why-you-need-some-slow-motion-in-your-life.html
Alexa Fangman
We see him all the time and are friends o n FB.  Solid guy.
Melissa Miller I'm so glad you commented on this and I watched it. It's such a great reminder to do what what love, stop the focus on material things, and enjoy life. 😊
Hahaha
Katie Aiello I hope you actually watched this and didn't just tag me.... I want to me this man!!!
Bc I still have five years of irritating u left
Kyle Darton don't get any ideas
I've seen this guy in PB
let's quit law school and blade pacific beach every day!!
inspirational
Alex I'm like 80% sure we saw this guy yesterday!
Wasef Atiya this gon' be you
Robson Corvo Corvo
Macey Weiss
Too bad you couldn't figure out a way to balance your life to achieve your needs on all fronts.....
Patti Wolf Naughton
Joanne Graham Eric Graham
Ashlee Miller VanEss Lisa Cheek
Tyler Wadsworth Jaycee Jo Wadsworth Brynlee Wadsworth
Greg Foster
Loved this ❣️
Gotta look for him this week
Omg
He's so wonderful!!!
Yes!
Awesome ~ thanks to the folks who filmed this and to Slomo for inspiration!
Celina Mekhele Sonam Shah
Dave Dressman Dave McMichael mark doherty
Stephanie Locher have you seen this man?
Brion Bennett Todd Leatherman Mark Doherty
Slo mo is a fasho go
lMAO dis mans owns a mansion and an animal farm
I can say I love watching him skate because it is so invigorating to watch someone throughly enjoy engaging their passion!
José Montes
Everybody's got a story, right?
Probably wasn't much of a doctor anyway!
Mack Fitzgerald I would do it
Chloe Edinger
Meredith Cheney Scott Syroka
Thank  you, New York  Times, for  presenting  this  man's  story. What  he is  doing is a form of  moving  meditation like  Yoga is  for me. Insights  will  come  but  to truly  experience  the present is extremely  important.
not the video to watch walking into work on a monday
Stella Darren-Ryan
Nikki Hood
We just need to quit and skate. Chelsey Beck
Ben Izudemt absolute hero!
Ronnie Manning Brian Carpenter Steve Noceti we're going skating with Slomo for your next Bday bash. Bring your Street Hockey pads.
Bethy the dream
Tona
Mônica Duarte Bulgari
AnnaMaria, for dad
Asbjørn Busk Jørgensen
Dev Engle, Alicia Engle
K Michele Andrew Allen Evan
my future
He found his happy place...we all can do the same.
Dustin Womack
Callie Gear
Laura Atsma Brown seen this guy?
make like Groanz and blade it out
Nice! Will do! Thanks for sharing!
Othneil Chambers Fredrick Guthrie
David Larter "he calls himself, Shlomo"
CYA
😸 du weisst das als plan B bei mir noch skates auf dem dachboden stehen? ;)
SLOMO!!!!
Taylor West I did haha I've seen him for so long, we'll find himmmm
Ben Belfort it you
I knew you would!! I can still see the 2 of us rolling out of sketchers...14years?! 😱😱😱
I saw slomo last night while walking the boardwalk.
You're just learning about Slomo? Cmon girl you've been in PB for too long for that!
Evan Gum No this is about where he came from!
Jan Feist, this is so nice :)
Christopher King have you seen this guy?
Evan Gum super interesting
I can diagnose delusion based on the religious talk. Other than that he is just fine
Be happy!!
Liam Joseph O'Grady
I am simply blown away by this...........yes, just do what you want to
Jessica Rubin check this out. Love seeing this dude out here all the time.
I love that this made The NY Times!!
That’s what medicine does to you
Oh yeah, he's around on the boardwalk all the time! #legend
Paris Spence-Lang
Marissa Jean Phillips Leslie Nelson Anna Marek Bergmann
Kelly Meghan...take 15 minutes out of your life and watch this
Logan Lemmon Slomo?!
Mei Rwn Weewee
Like brooooo
Odin Lars Brad Hylton Troy Bookout
Julie Sievers
Anna Kern this is the guy I was telling you about ❤️
Katy McGarry BRINK!
Dena Chipperfield Mette
Anna
Not the point of the story. Those details are irrelevant.
Very powerful message at 1:58 Kale Minnema Chris Smith
Yeah, being infantile is soooo cool. Quit health career and let  someone else care.
Oh yeah he's always down there

Sarah Stickle McGuire thought you'd find th inner ear/acceleration part interesting
Nicole Kolenic
Yessir used to see him all the time. He's pretty old these days but still cruisin
Coley Apsay Angela Hauser pls wait till you have time to watch this whole thing then pls watch this whole thing
Uyen Huynh omg local celebrity getting national attention
Omg Slomoo! ❤️❤️❤️ Just shows you, you never know someone till you hear their story ❤️ Saif ElBanna
Kim Rowe
Just blade Asa  Charlie Emmalina
Hannah Turner Cameron Etienne He made the NYT!!
not even on one leg :p
Nicole Wells okay yeah definitely an interesting video and hearing his reasoning too
Cory Pendley
Pablo Rubio
Brody Zimmerman I think you might appreciate this guy as much as I do lol
Fiona Bassett Beth Nichol career option
Brian Spiker
April Chaffee
Ryan
Brandon Bushnell the legend!!
Christina Koral
watch in full
He served others for 20+ years & then started losing his vision. Sounds to me like retirement wasn't 100% a choice, but luckily for him that worked out nicely.
Cory Applewhite
Sarah you hadn't heard his story before?
Lydia Morin
Liam O' Mahony Christian Mulcahy
Rubi Borja
My mans n dem poppin! Lol
Julie Phan Erika Aguilera remember this guy?!
Jim Stark
Roy Francione i really enjoyed this man's story.
Katherine Rayknown Please find this man and thank him for making my day today.
Johnny Reyes
Steven Schwarzmann
Sam Regan Roy Warfield
He breezed by our condo on Mission Beach almost every day! Would like to have talked to him🌴🌈🦄
Sabrina
Follow ur dreams (but first finish cam with me I can't cope without u)
Hans Britsch
Rekha Gupta hmmm
Carter
Rebecca.x
It's Graham
Maja Josefin Peterson Sara Eneroth Linda Matson Ronja Hultkrantz Gabrielle Carlson Mårten Randau Vilhelm Fritzon
OMG SER HONOM HELA TIDEN
Jennifer Santo Domingo You need to see this 💕💕💕
I've seen this and him!
Conor Hogan
Terrie
Samantha Scizak NY Times did a video on Slomo. Pretty interesting
Matthew Kneiser
Kristen Gomes Milam this will be you after you retire. I think the nickname even fits. Lmao (just minus all of the other life stuff he went through in the middle)
Ari Monterey, ROFL - "going back to basics" 🤣🤣
I completely agree with @Edward. He has lived his life and had all the pleasures and fun. Earned all the money. And then chose to go to basics (in your words). 

Would have made more impact if he left all the money when it was actually bringing him happiness. 

Easier to say Miss Ari, but usually only those people give up things who have derived pleasures from it. 

Those who give up early while they can still enjoy, are called saints. They have more knowledge and understanding of the world. And they don't "roller skate" (or may be they do, but don't post profile videos on Facebook claiming this is more fun and happiness)
this is exactly why i have a bike on campus
Robby Edwin Reza
i watched the whole thing
Melissa Phungsen
booo!
i wonder if people after seeing this go try to find him and bug him
😂 #liveurlife
hello purple!
Jack Paley
Darragh
It is him!!
Richard, set aside 15 minutes if you can. Fits our conversation nicely
❤️
❤️
Casey Barbosa this is him!
Yes! Slomo!! 😍
So you want me to buy rollerblades?
Rachel Hirst Parker Cohn SLOMO!
I'm telling both of us to buy rollerblades
A greater purpose
Darin Eich!
Seen him many times. ❤️
Saw this when it first came out a few years ago.  Then became friends with him on FB.  He was a staunch Trump supporter, at least during the campaign, but then PB locals started talking trash to him as he skated by.  Haven't seen a political post from him in a long time.
Nick Bailey Tyler Burns Madison Thompson Andrea Rinehart the only thing you guys missed in SD
Alvin Manalastas me
Ahhh remember seeing Slomo in PB?? Jesse Lauren watch all of it !
Julia Benko Sammy Rupp Amanda Monroe
This is great!
Vanessa Lani didn't we see him?
Después de ver mi calificación de inmuno me convertiré en slomo Eduardo Alonso Arambula
Don't worry about it!
Annie Havana Meier
Have you seen this guy, Rin & Graham?
Caitlin Hawkins!!! WHAAAA?
James Pham
Maggie Kremer
Beautiful and inspiring! Follow your dreams!
Heather Sky
Cheyenne Rodricks hahaha what is this?!
Elaine Buchignani
Tasha
I remember 😄
Sim
Rollerblading 🤔
Sean Bentley
Zayrha Arambula
ist er erstmal in der times😁 aber starke story
Judi Finkbiner
Taylor Carlson
Jay Chandler
Katrina Henderson a glimpse into Tim's future life
Slomo!!!!! Yes!!
Ivonne Aparicio totally whatever makes us happy 😃
Alex Brock !!!
It won’t let me do a photo comment. I have a picture of him taking a picture of me taking a picture of him from 2002. I also used to skate PB all the time and would see him nearly every time I was down there
Esther Levine Frankel!
Bri Policarpio
Nooo!!
Alex Em
Evan Coy Griffitts Do you remember this guy?
I see this guy all the time!
Julz B Duff
Edward Neville Troy Talamelli
Pauline Bosteels this is life
Siga-whaaattt! This guy is off the chain (and the grid apparently).
Brittni Nielsen
Sarah Stutzke
Katherine an early birthday present, and Genevieve this is us post mid life crises (plural lol)!!!
I'm friends with him on FB. San Diego legend.
Why do you have to be a negative nelly??? You don’t know him or anything about him besides what you see here! He’s well known and loved here is San Diego! Leave him alone, go drink your hater-ade! 😡
Hats off!
Jerrilyn Goldberg the homie made it big!!!
My husband and I see “Slomo” often when we walk the Boardwalk in PB. 💕  He soars by like nothing we’ve ever seen before....in his own zone looking very happy and content. It’s really wonderful to see.
This guy has found his nirvana ..... good for him!
Blake Whitney Audrey Willett Kenny Rojas dude is such a legend
Sierra Rose Knott this is your guy!!
🤙🏼
I suggest let s skate around Tibet:-) i ve got roller blades:/)
Mara Aihoshi so all we have to do to live this dream is first become MDs . . . doesn't seem so hard.
Danielle Zirelli he's famous now!
Slomo! Now they need to do a story about the guy that walks around with different flags sticking out of his butt...
Debbi Risner-Morgan Terri Rutherford Kinsfather Slomo's mysterious history revealed!
Léonor Bacon Monday inspiration
Sasha Smohorjevsky
Matthew Joy
Hannah Geyer u
This guy knows how to live life.  Maybe I should be the Slomo of Alameda.
Sarah wharrrrrr
Garrett Grialou Nanci Bell Grialou
David Tran
Esse video, Geórgia.
Ainsley Hill Alexa Fee Alexa Rae Dakota Kahn Kaylee Pott Jacquelyn Lefevre
Jan Christoph
lembra que eu te falei del e
Stephanie Kusper
Too funny!!!!!!!!
Tyler Kemp
Megan Mahdi
Guadalupe Magos
Janet Johns Sessions Judy Johns Scott
Yes!!! His skating tips are the best. Did you show your boyfriend this?? Ha
Andy
Chelsea Julia Acker
Muhammad Shafi Laiq Daad Khan Habib Jan
Stephanie Kusper yup!
Turkey and the Wolf
Aisling, Ciara, Eoin, Elspeth, Kate Lynn, Ciarán, Christopher, Simon would you look who it is! 😄
I'm booking a one way flight
Thanks for this... I used to see him everyday about 10 yrs ago when I lived in San Diego. He spread good energy and was an integral part of the Boardwalk. Slomo.
Auntie Donna, what would a trip down the boardwalk or a wait in the Kono's line be without seeing Slomo? His story is great. ❤️
Cici TC right? Grossssss Edward McCain
Melissa I lived in Pacific Beach and saw him all the time. He's so cool!
Jessica James do you know slomo
Cameron Ohlson
Anindya Bagchi Ashutosh Tiwari
i've skated with this guy before! hes far out
Gail Ropson Buechler Watch this.
Amazing story! Such a kind and brilliant man. Goes to show you never to judge someone without knowing the full story. He is a pillar of PB culture and he is joyfully skating through the background of my fondest memories of my 20's. Live your best life everyone! Marty Shull Joey Lima Zack Danna Lori Bothwell Erin Leavitt
Leonardo Martínez
Посмотрела
Oh my god. I love him.
Manu Nieto
Amanda Silverstrom Elizabeth Copperman do you know him?
You think this would be worldly enough for in that household? Brandon Doyle Aaron Snyder
Victoria Catherine
Jayne Yazzie Cassity Morelli Lindsey Nicholl
David Weber
Rip
Callie Olson Riley Maxwell Rachel Cunningham Wyn Zitka Kassandra Bielenberg watch the whole thing. This is amazing.
Woah literally goals. Wow
That was so well done
Musa M. Hosein Isa Hosein check out this guy
Valerie Vargas Jenna Simon
Heh Melissa 🙋 Yeah - we saw Slomo everyday when I lived at the beach.  Sometimes I was out rollerblading or riding my cruiser bike along the ocean boardwalk and you could always see and hear him coming. He just skated along that boardwalk between Mission Beach and Pacific Beach everyday multiple times. And he always carried a little stereo with funny music like The Twilight Zone when he skated by - it was awesome 🤙 He was a staple of San Diego and locals and tourists really enjoyed him. You couldn't help but smile every time you saw him 😊
Ashmin Varma
is this your new direction in life?
skating to bristol shouldnt take more than 54 days right?
Mylene Alfiler Is this the man you were telling about that you saw skating on the boardwalk?
Rolando Espinoza-Montero
Shyam Chandrasekar
Jon Hansen
Liz Evans!!! Amy Harper Padbury!!!!
Alli Jo Jen Sean Cori  if you ever saw Slomo...
Peggy Ong
I wish him well...and it's probably just as well he's not practicing.
Ian Holden
He said his work was getting to the point that is was only about money and he was miserable, he was going blind meaning his days doing that work were numbered anyway. It's not like he could keep working till normal retirement age even if he'd wanted to. He earned all that money. He chose to retire early and just enjoy a simple life he wanted. Notice when he was enjoying and satisfied with the work, he was doing it. If you're happy, do you. He wasn't hating on the regular lifestyle. He was explaining his thoughts and why it wasn't the way to go for him. Maybe it is for you. That's awesome. 
p.s. this article had nothing to do with Millennials. Don't use this just to make millennials look like all any of them wants to do is not work.
LLeigh GGoldie
Neal Maglaque watch out Jane Maglaque and i are next
Adithi Iyer I thought that said "Somo" like the guy who sang ride
Katie Brennan keep watching, he reminds me of you :)
Mary Kate LeViness watch this when you have time i saw this guy when I was in San Diego years ago summer after summer
Victoria Taguilas This guy!
So let me ask you a question... what are you doing about it?
Why not? I mean, why the f*ck not? Seriously, the NYT wasted valuable column inches spewing about one more self-indulgent Boomer who could actually do some good but chooses not to so that he can become everyone's favorite weirdo. Tell me again why anyone still needs to refer to Mr Me as "doctor?" 

Game changer ...
Landon Ulik Kathryn Blackwood Ulik
Great video
So so awesome! What a story and so cool it is getting national attention
Andre Graf
Well, Emily Willow, this is always an option...
Shamik Maganlal love this- I've been thinking of taking up surfing I think it would be really healthy
Sam Deverett Jordan Battaglia Elliot Muller
Me neither but maybe we will. Did you watch the whole video? It was good, I liked his perspective.
If you met and actually talked to the guy in person you'd never have written this comment 

Anyways good vibes to you
😂😂😂😂
How do you "fly"? Check out this vid on Slomo.
Lori Jane Powell yeah, we saw him too!  Did you know his history though? That he was a doctor and all that?
Rachel Keyte Slomo made The NY Times!
That's "Slow Mo"! I see him every week!
Lester Jay Pagaduan
Sammi Dean he hit the big time
Mark
Ok,molto inspiring però questo qua c'ha anche la pila per campare senza lavorà
Isabel Lluch Elizabeth Hagler Lluch this is the guy that gave a speech at USD!
Jaz Tinsley Ugh I want his life
Cat Marie this is who I was talking about!
Que fregon, voy a armar mi tabla jaja
Wow. This was an amazing story. The filmography and soundscape behind it only make it richer. Thanks for sharing!
Marina Blunck
Wow!
Now we know his story 😊
Alexa
Rikhardt
Jon Schoepke 😂
🤗😍
such a cool story
haha so gooooood!!!
What an interesting story, good perspective on work and materialism.  So many people work hard to live a good life, but the good life is always the next rung up on the ladder.  There is something to be said for driving a regular car (not a BMW) and living in a regular house (not a mansion), all those possessions can start to own you if you are not careful.  I had good advice long ago and I've tried to stick with it - don't let each salary raise correspond with a raise in your lifestyle because if you do you will never be free you will always be living paycheck to paycheck.
Madelyn Yacobucci  "where do you see your sister in 10 years"
Christian Alaniz
I have met and spoken to Slomo.  Edward McCain you are wrong.   He is a nice guy and you are a jerk
Lindsay Lou I wondered if you did! I loved this story. I needed his story today.
It was just what I needed to see today.
Who is that???
Max Haz
Hurray for Dr. Slomo.   As for the negative comments here.... don't be a jerk
Nikita Daryanani
Hug a tree
Ha, ya !!  But maybe I'll go with shorter shorts.
Shawn Childress Arthur Liu Todd Blackwell Slomo made the New York Times!!!
Chris Cotter
There are plenty of surfers living in camper vans on the beach and doing whatever they'd like to do. Without being doctors
Hanna Elmongy Omar Abdoun Josh Ho Julian Lejbman Lizz Card
FTD
Sjors Wilbrink stel je voor: "Slomo & Slinky Legs: Epic Adventures" film.
Frank this is pretty cool, watch the whole thing when you get a chance
Nicholas Mazza
Shaunna Angela
Such a beautiful piece.
Dominic Maraglino Naiym Waters
Sam Birger
Hannah Weiss Jacqueline Adams Leigh Powers Clur Tommy Val Amoroso i hope we see this guy
Connor Whiffen
Laura
SLOMO!!!! We looked for him often
Nicholas Alvarez it's slomo
I almost tagged you in this!
Racheal Morrow -- watch this today when you get some time!
Complete nervous breakdown
I miss that place. Pretty sure we have seen him rolling by.
Sebastian Dobon
Mike Crawford
John Nogafka
Pelle Wall will this be you?
Ignas Bartlingas jei nepatinka darbas just do what you wanna do! ;)
Jonathan Harder Caleb Ashbrook Ben Bleiberg
Ana Paty Salgado do what you want to do
Mitchell Kuwahara
It really was such a nice story and such a refreshing perspective.
Tiana Whitlock we were just talking about him!
This is in SD! This is definitely my future.
Giulia Elisa Gasperi
The dude abides man...
Screw med school, this is what I'll do with my life
And who can blame him
Michael Luis  Lais finally we know who this guy is !
Dennis Claus
Tai kad nelabai ka noriu daryti
Dor ahahahahahahah this is the human version of our dog - Slomo!!
Tai reikia atrasti ;)
Connor Mills
dude I thought you got that picture with him!
Renee Hinchliff
This comment is not very professional of you Viknesh Kasthuri P ;)
Dave Brian Eric Slomo!!
Wendy Grady
We see Slomo often skating in PB! Great guy, great story!
Omg no way!!! Matt Boyle
YEESSSSS!!! His smile, he's a clone!
Louise Spencer
Christine Xue Chirag Govardhan Sea Shell this our future. see you on pacific beach bitchessss also Jimmy Bazzy go make friends
Collin
Zachary Parks you met him!!!
Kintrelle Mitchell, Mimi Broussard remember hum from Mission Beach?
Come to middle east and do same 😜
Mark Bowles you know this guy!? thought this was great
Check it out ... PB!
Mici Colman
That's really great
What is unprofessional about professional growth and personal enrichment?  Skating is but a means to those ends.
Brianna Matias
Franz Böse Tim Schmidt Hannes Schütte Khanh Toan
Angel Acuña have you seen this man?
Cathy Stewart
Goals
I don't know him personally but I've seen him.
Great video
Cool! Loved the vid.
Gl at McKinsey mi amigo adios
looool one can dream ;)
What's McKinsey
Justin Sawyer
Meshelle Haong
Perhaps you should ask a certain somebody V_V
V unhappy this isn’t about Somo
Greg Irwin
Humans of Late Capitalism
Ved Narayan do you know?
minus I like to think I'll continue to be passionate about medicine...
❤️
Brooke Laird do you know slowmo?!😂
Laura Crowder
Yes!! He's on the boardwalk all the time. The cutest guy
Cool story! Thank you for sharing. I enjoyed talking with him when we met.
Kennis Htet u make a good bartender
Leila, Nikola
Wendy J. Royalty yeah I second that. The lack of reading comprehension skills among the naysayers is pretty telling. I guess you can never tell a story in first person without a whole bunch of folks thinking it's about "them".
Gabriel Gonçalves
Yes! I've seen him!!
Thank you Anri! As someone who spent summer vacations at Pacific Beach I know that to be true! And they weren't formerly doctors.
Lot of surfers feel the same way.
Lucy Goddard
Aspen Groff
David Matt Caitlin We saw this guy in San Diego !! haha
dafuq
Hailey Simmons Thalia Brown NO S8 NO D8
Slomo is the homie. I see him every single time I rollerblade the boardwalk!
Cristobal Ballado Diaz
Oh this is wonderful! Chaitanya Deo Pranati Shubha Ishita Shubha
Jim Clifford Nancy Millstein Adam Millstein The video I was trying to show you in Pinetop
Frederic Chen have u seen him b4
Dana Crothers Like
Susan Dunphy Todd Dunphy
Kaylee Alana
David Ring
This is unreal hahah
French Garcia Tickets is still talking out of turn. Watch first 60 seconds.
Hannah Winterbottom
Christian Savemark
I told you!!!!!
Ellen Murphy Tara Van Veen guys we could always take up skateboarding 🤷
He's awesome
missing the point!
you cannot see the truth of a situation until you see it clearly from both sides.  cannot see all sides at one time.
Yup, that's the guy I was telling you about😊
Ciarán can you not remember from PB on the J1?!!
Julia Olson Do you know Slomo?
Oh yeah! He’s been a local celeb for  a long time!
How even? What.
Very cool! Thanks for sharing, Emily Lluch
Ha that's awesome
Kristen Badaoui
Luke Novak
miny dd dekho Mrinalika
Virginia Marro
Teri, so cool, huh?
Tyler Bell
Josh Coonan Danielle Tichborne
Peter BadawyAdam Brugman
This is what daily good weather does to a person... life's rough out here
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1847261545314781&id=530869733620642
David hell yeah. Learned something new about him!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1847261545314781&id=530869733620642
Amy T-sang
Hahahah PB is right by us too! Might be me in a couple years 😉
First do no harm.To thine own self be true.
And this: https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1847261545314781&id=530869733620642
Glad he can afford it.
Janet Moscoso Lawrence
Yea if the guy is talking about 12 cylinder BMW's and Ferraris I bet he's got quite the stash to fall back on. Also, agreed his self fulfillment is extremely envy invoking. That part of the video reminded me of you and your move
Are you gettin some skates Jools Bali??
Jon Kitchen why’d they spell your name so weird
Lin Treichel
You've clearly never been to San Diego and seen or met this dude. I remember seeing him growing up and I actually talked to him when I got older. He's such a humble dude. I've seen him talk people out of suicide.
Jake Kiefer
Josh Keanu George
Laura McLaughlin
Michelle Zhang
It's not easy, yet I do my best in Slowmotion, excellent!!! Story 🎧✌🏼
Austin Harty Wilder Bogle Joseph Rangel
Bonnie Fields
Haha yesss
Kaetlyne Roscoe
Great story and motivation!
Luis A Orozco 😂😂😂 found him!!!!
That's the guy!
Julie KraatzCarolyn Reindollar
That's not San Diego????
Eva Alscher life profession found?
Slomo is also the author of 2 thoughtful books of fiction. I helped him publish both, and I can say that they are both pretty good reads.
Pieper Rudy Mary Rudy
Ricky Postiglione
Brooke
Stop picking fights with millennials Ed
Erik Hesby Johnsen Drömmen?
I really enjoyed this video, but I also recognize that my grandfather who was a urologist and he lived a very good life filled with love and happiness. you can find your path anywhere, not just skating.  my grandfather felt he was here to be a doctor, he did what he felt was his right path.
Jake Williams
amazing
Tara O'Riordan Anna Hennelly Sarah Barnwell Jenna Margaret Early Focr O'Callaghan Katie Sinnott Helena Shaw  Aideen Hall Caz Rowan
What
We saw him! Slow-mo!
Donna M. Crowell
Sydney Weaver
I never knew he was a doctor! We see him every time we go to the beach! Destiny Poindexter Breanna Peluso Vinton Anthony Palmantier Andrew Lewellen Deklyn Nolan
He is living his dream !!
Nice love slomo
Michaela Gaffney lol this was just in my newsfeed
Maria Beatriz Slomo ❤️
Ja Olle, jeg har studert denne filmen med stor interesse. Jeg forsto mer om hvorfor det er så fascinerende og morsomt å gå på rulleskøyter, at hjernen gir positiv respons fordi du trimmer balanseferdighetene. Og jeg tror sammenligningen med surfing er god, at det er litt samme følelse å gå på rulleskøyter som å surfe! 🤔😊 Susanna skal forresten gi meg skøyter med 3 hjul i julegave. Det er jeg veldig glad for.
Marissa Didier this could be us but pj's playin
Hahah ✊🏼🎖
On the lookout !
I I ever fail and exam I know my options
Kristi Jones Laura Sargis Jones There is a Slomo in all of us...waiting to fly! 
Kristi, I think Dad may experience this same lateral acceleration (meditation) when running. You should show him this!
Jacob Lexi Molly
Flag in the crack. My all time fave.
I'd like to be a "Slomo" prodigy
You sound like a blast at parties 🙄🙄🙄
It's a beautiful this once you pass him walking in pb... he's a man of mystery and this is a great story to give us a little insight on who this figure is. I have seen him since I was a little kid... Come visit San Diego
Mailik Maybach Williams & Airica Reed 
pretty cool 😎
:D goals
Butler Sabrina
Love this story, this man is legitimately a pacific beach staple. Glad they provided some insight on who this mystery man is. Love love love
Travis Jones
lil mo
Dr kitchen sounds delicious
No estoy tan high aun
Tiny Whales Shane Kelly Conor Pike
Wow! Amazing! Zou er voor naar de bios gaan
Wes Moore
He had the wherewithal to pursue his dream.. He's  just being a little boy again...
Do you know of him?
Linda Roleson
Laura O Driscoll http://www.richroll.com/podcast/rrp-94-slomo-how-one-man-reinvented-himeself-wholesale-ruminations-on-simplicity-life-in-the-zone-the-great-iceberg-of-consciousness/
http://www.richroll.com/podcast/rrp-94-slomo-how-one-man-reinvented-himeself-wholesale-ruminations-on-simplicity-life-in-the-zone-the-great-iceberg-of-consciousness/
This is sick, fersure showing it to dana later tonight
Jane Hudson Eaker yep and I'm not going to work.. 😂
Bryce Caliwag
Devin Bennett finally getting the notoriety he deserves
Megan Grosse Rachel Niskanen Tina Tran
Im going to follow in his footsteps
Alex Gaona
Awesome
Ralph whoa
If I'd gotten those a few years later when I was 30 odd lbs lighter I'd have had a lot more fun with them. Carrying too much weight on them things. 

You got to skate on the neighborhood streets when they'd just refinished a few years ago didn't you? Once or twice? Wonder did Ryan 🙂
Really enjoying his life
Kathleen, Michelle, when breath becomes blades
What does he do in his spare time?
Shelli Barton
I've seen him skate by! 👍🏼
I grew up going to Pacific beach, occasionally seeing this guy.. he was well known for this lol. We always thought he was some crazy old man until this came out.
Thanks, The New York Times for this clip! I'm from San Diego and live a mile north of PB. I have seen Slomo for years and heard so many different stories about him. Josh Izenberg and staff, Thank you for making such an outstanding clip about him and telling us his story. Your whole interview, visuals, his words and the soundtrack was one of the best things I have ever seen in any documentary! It literally brought me to tears. Thanks, Slomo, you Sir are the definition of "Consciousness"! I'll give you a high five when I see in person next time on the boardwalk! Much <3
amazing -- i feel this for you Tomas
Amazing story! <3
Tyler Patel
Laura Mertsalmi är detta anledningen till att du äger ett par.....
Yea I remember :)
Hannah Heimer you need to watch this all the way through.
Jessica Moss Rachel Rosi
Kennedy Pederson it's slomo😱 from San Diego
Bobby Rosiles
Tomas Urtasun
No.. lol. 🤔🤔 the skater guy??
Lisa Panarello
Follow your Bliss....If you can't do what he does, find something that you love.
Way, Way too many whiners here....
Take 30 minutes if that is all you have and "skate"
In Spring, when I was a little girl, I would put on my roller skates.
I would enter the most carefree world and take an imaginary journey. 
I know his pleasure...find yours 💖
My dude
He has been an icon on the boardwalk for years. Such an inspiration  to health and exercise,  well being. Love him!
Yep! That sounds like him.
He'll be called the bike Doctor.
I wish I could be rich so I can be so introspective.....
Edrienne Fae Yap  Althea Mae Yap
Yup! He is, and always will be to those who've seen him, a legend! #longliveslomo
Jo de kenne mr ! sehr beidruckend 😎
Kaylee York
Hollie Mac this is freedom =) XX
Gregory Gossett Lie
I saw him too.
Andrew Sterne David Babikian I miss will now
Cody Wight SLOMO!!
Darragh Ó Súileabháin
People love this guy. Sloooomooooo
Christian Alcantara
If it is a spiritual thing for him..then is he out there serving others instead of still himself..this is a balance of course and it is great that he does this..dont get me wrong
I see this guy every other day I run
Caroline Link love this!
Lmfao, fantastic
Carrie Maureen Kitchen
Jamie Varney Gonzales
Kelly Twichel
Behrod John Mohseni
Bethany Susan Barnett
Kevin Cole
Again, he's experiencing heaven.
It doesn't matter if he was an all day worker, or the "master" asked him to start working at 5pm.
What's important is that he heard the call and he got there. Sure, his situation may have better set him up for success than that of
others, but let's not assess the merits of what he's doing based on how difficult it was to get there. If we do, we're really missing the point or not paying attention to the message.
That's pretty cool Jessica Carrillo
Alan B Keech
Michele Eaves don't know if you saw or even heard his story before but he's always skating we've seen him last time we stayed there
I don't understand why people have to hate on this man! I have known this man due to growing up here at the beach! I think he's a good-hearted and positive person! He's doing what makes him happy just the same as I'm doing what makes me happy which is chasing after my goals and dreams! Material things mean nothing! I'm all about enjoying life and having fun! Song I'll keep doing what you're doing you're awesome!
Fayaz Ahmad Utman
Leonardo Zanatta Hélio Godoy Ramon Baffa Pinhata
That 'rat race' is what allowed him to make all that money and then do what he wanted. Without that "cashing it in", he wouldn't be skating now. Not much different than what every other rich/fortunate person does... makes enough money to finance whatever they want to do after they quit the rat race.
Charlotte DelGobbo!!
I can't remember either 🤔🙊
I've seen him doing his thing
That is sooooo cool ⛸
Jorge Nowhere
Nick Riggle do you know this guy? Something tells me you'd get along great.
voll e coole typ de slomo 😎
Educational.
It's called early retirement.
remarkable!
Lee 'Windy' Miller Stef Greenhalgh James Elliott
Lilly Brown
Ashley Lynne Loveless
It's heart warming! (He does seem to be going much faster than when we were down there). Ryann Hannigan Judith Shahvar Heather Sepulveda :)
Nick Philip The bare essentials🤔
Carly S Badt YES
Charlie Sears
Matt N Jana Treglown
well, well, well
Angi RingMul
Nice
Amazing story. Never heard of him until we took a trip to SD from Boston. Was walking on Mission Beach a few times and heard people calling out "hey slomo" was curious so looked him up. Had the chance to actually talk to him for a few minutes. He videos what people think and what's on there mind as he did us. I am thinking there is more to See then meets the eye. GD guy
Slow mo!!!!!! Yassss
Its an informative story. Watch it fully if you have time
Jackie Bell-Nichols
Jordyn Marie Awww Slomo❤️ miss seeing him on the boardwalk
Sophie Pan
Petar
Taryn Haley
Nic Scaramella slomo!!!!
Pacific beach is my favorite place too
Sydney Tellez #goals (look familiar??)
Grace Pawley
Insightful assessment. Being able to see through privilege is a simple task for the few, but impossible for many.
As a former skater, I totally get this! There's nothing like it!!
Pip Honour 
An amazing story.
Yeah.  He could afford too.  You're elitist crap sickens a coming revolution.
Exactly.   Right on!
Still, being so cheerful. He effectively has stopped this world and got off. I admire him for that. It is easily possible to do it without much money. 👌
Meredith Royer omg slomooooo
Brian A'Hearn
AnastasiaGlushko Rachel Thomas Phil Wearne Rudolph Williszhausen
I could see Kevin doing that but he would be standing on the handle bars going 100 mph and his hair blowing in the wind doing some Evil Knevil moves, yep, Kevin for sure.
Taquito Algeciras
Are Søberg
Conor Parks Supriya Chatterjee I bet you two have seen this guy while strolling the beach. His message is inspiring. "Do what you want" 😊
Daniela Steiner fasch wie mitem trotti👌🏽
Stephanie Korszen all the way to The New York Times
He made it to the times! Marie Millin Connor Millin Genevieve Millin
Love it! What a buzzy dude, if only we all thought the same way
Matthew Sarver
I already love the begining
David Oisin Roberto
Matt Lasko  I have no clue 😂
No
Everytime I saw him while running the board walk, I would give him a high five. He's a cool dude, super humble.
Trisha Ongjoco
Nah
🤔
Pamela Crick
Hannah Heimer right when it gets around 8:30 is when I think you'll really like it
Nicoletta Condorelli già ti ci vedo...
Arielle Taylor
Thanks for sharing Kelsey.....❤️
Living the dream 🏃
AJ Dorfman
Ger Kirwan
Timothy Kaddis Michael Lor might as well do this since micro is not working out
nut
I know him 😉
Just a spiritual experience
Brittany Lynn
Andrew Gymmerman proof of the multiverse. How did this version of you weasel it's way into your reality?
Clarissa Fuhr :D
Hannah Saunders
Dave Johnson  - who knew?!?!
Jeanina
Matt Zane Jeff Zane Dakota Armstrong
No not yet
Danielle Morency
Ryan Kelsey Jordan
Hahahaha
For real
Love this dude!
LMFAO cortex stood no chance vs. rollerskates
Love it!
Pretty good perception.
This is a non-story to me, but I'm glad to see it anyway. It's a lesson to not judge a book by it's cover. He may look homeless - he isn't, blah blah. He is not miraculous for doing this at the age many people retire in general. He can afford his lifestyle and is happy. Yay for him. But thanks for giving everyone a different lifestyle to look toward having in retirement, NYT! Maybe you will speak to someone in a rainy, mildewed state who is grossly depressed and miserable and they will be empowered to decide it's time to go skate themselves into golden oblivion.  I don't think there's much point to this otherwise.
Hi Slomo! You are living my dream! Hope you have a great day! 🤗
Garrett James!!
So so good
Tracy Lewin Someone is getting some recognition.
Angie Snowden Henry  hahaha!!! You're right Angie! 😃
I absolutely love this.
Jay Harrison Maureen Guildford Shelley Guildford
Sara Rodriguez se acuerda de este man
This is so important
Kim Harris Crute here ya go
Actually please don't have a mid life crisis and actually turn into a weirdo like this dude
i just sometimes think it is our animal instinct to roam, not to be locked up inside the office, inside the studio or whatever place. It is an urge to be unchained. Other countries in Europe for example have different standards for society regarding labor and I just see them to be more happy than any of us here in the US. People in Japan overwork because it is what they think gives them to be more respected and eventually commit suicide because they cannot cope with all of the stress. I was once told to not work too hard, but to work smart, our fear just magnifies our obligations.
I'm not that aimless yet. I'm still 98% structured. Unfortunately...
Lucille Dom
Dang nice doc. Motto of the story, do what you want.
"FOLLOW YOUR DREAM".
livin the life...
Charlie Max Foszcz future danny
Tim Keaty
Wow, this is beautiful. I can't wait to talk with you more about this.
Melissa Miller me too! I watched it while eating breakfast and getting reading this morning so I feel like I didn't give it my full attention so I'm going to watch it again tonight. I feel like many of us could learn a lot from Slomo.  I'm also really excited to hear his scientific explanation of why we like to accelerate again. It's cool to know there's an actual reason why that's so fun!
Zoey Lande Abby Hotaling Julia Leventhal This is the guy I was telling you about!
That's awesome. I just went skateboarding this afternoon. Gotta keep playing as an adult
You'll join the dark side eventually ;)
Will Congram  the human body is addicted to acceleration across the plane of the earth
Tara Nejad Myles Chang Oscar Shaw Alexis Padilla Jacolyn Yang let's meet this man
Janet sessions
Siiiii jajaja wow que interesante su vida!
This has got me in a pickle...
Excellent article Haley. Lots of things to think about
Chelsea Davenport
Jessica Long-Beath
Do what you want to, I'll always support you 😊
He still comes into the Cheba Hut in PB
Rebecca Ashton
Stop wearing a suit! 🙃
lol that's why I tagged you. 😂 I didn't know his story. It's encouraging 🤗
Karen Dolph, you know him?
Very cool...and, fun to see all the familiar sights. The search for my personal delusional system is officially on!
Emmett Torney
Andrew Barbara 😹😹😹
Oh yeah !!! Let’s do it T
Makrina Nayfa
This guy is what I wanna be when I grow up.
Thank you for posting this! Long live Slomo 💙
Yeah this guy is cool! He's showed up in the blading social media circles for a few years now
Anna Dowley ❤️
It could've been us! 😂
Julianne Vallejos Hilary Hougardy
Omg
Casey Trivelpiece
Danielle Brabender
Alison Szymanski
Yay!!!! Slowmo!!!!
Alycia Clover have you seen slomo?? Such a cool story!
Hugo
I want to do this
Listen to this man.
Jeff Nguyendamycin me in 60 years
Jarid Adkins he made the New York Times!!! Crazy! Lol
New York Times! As if! This is an amazing find!
Also some chap beat me to my famous documentary idea
Joey Sheena lmaoo just figure skates down the boardwalk
This is awesome
Mandy.  I love your work!  😘
Best thing you posted ever. Thank you The New York Times <3
Kira Krick  Karen Theer Juliette Marie Tzeli Sorrentino 

There's so much about this I love.

No wonder I always love being in motion! Now I know the scientific reason 😜
Andy Caster
This is sooo good! Just watched and reposted 🙂
John Barrington
Heather Berg Carlos Cardona
Trevor De Ghenghi Jack Pugliese Jackson Douglas Shafer Jones Finlay McIntosh This is why America is going down the shitter
Amazing short by nyt
Dylan Henry
We is good mates
Long Karmen
We've seen him multiple times!
I literally just watched this one hour ago. So good!
Maybe I should give up this whole physician thing now haha
MJ Jensen have you seen this guy?
Haha. Seriously, what are you doing with your life?
Rafael Ornstein you might find this interesting
Shea Solazzo Jessica G. YahLira
Hahaha clearly not fully embracing it
He's only able to live his dream because of making big money as a doctor. Wankers
I love this
Someone get this guy a Netflix show!
Elizabeth Kinder I thought this would make you smile
Lucky guy!
Have I told you about this dude? I can't remember
Wow uncanny similarity to peddle club Claire Corbould???
Aiden Di Curzio one of the worst cases of changixiety I've ever seen ///;
Don't think so. I don't know which one of you I've gotten to know over the years, I'm all sorts confused
Allan Schoenberg it's like you but on wheels and weed 👍🏻
I've seen him before
Thomas I see this happening to u
Eileen Burns Devin Burns
Nate Bennett
Marilyn Kimbrough
Si jajajaja
is it still considered quitting a medical career if i don't have an MD yet?
lol we'd be so bored after a min
theres a word for this. it's called "retirement"
Mads Borst Laura Troi Rosalina Kruse Serup glædeligt gensyn 🇺🇸
I have seen him many times near the beach, while living in San Diego. Once he almost ran me over LOL...
Gorge Ledeer told you about this guy
Privilege. Capital P.
Ciara Phillips
Shahbakht Ilyas
You suggesting a career change for me???
Sasha Dyer
Devon Smith Susan Smith
Very cool Bell - thanks for tagging me!
Perri Davis
Juliano Schwarz
Steph McRae
Madison Brinkerhoff
Riley Joachims
Clara Lundeen  Gary Leones 
you guys gotta watch this video he's actually a pretty amazing guy!!!
Sooooo California I love it!!!!
Jay I have watched him many days 👍
Jon Keen ayyy
GO SLOMO!!!!!!
I see him very often
 Thank you Janet for sharing
hahahah que perro lo voy a buscar y le voy a dar chamba
Victoria Roberts vamos a patinar con SLOMO
Andrew Zhou yup, whatever makes you happy
Stephanie Torres
Thanks Taylor I enjoyed watching him!! Can't wait to say hi again in a couple of months!!
Jennifer
Ari Monterey That was very nice of you.  What you really wanted to say was Troll.  Bottom dwelling, usually evil and can suck the life out of every room the moment they step into it.
Pretty fantastic right? Hope you're doing well and killing grad school Franny!
Eli Mack Travis Ross
Eli Mattar Remember this dude?
Love this guy. San Diegan icon!
Marilyn Kimbrough  do what you want to do
Andrew Gymmerman Steens Tobin as discussed
Brenda Oliveira
YAS
Anna Moench
Oh my gosh, that was wonderful Thank you. I love you so much too! I'm gonna ride my bike tomorrow!
Joey Brown Lucas Lajous he made it to the new York times!
Y que come? Y la renta?
Hey Crystal! Its our favorite PB Patron!!!
Amazing
Jen, I love that we are skating on our own boardwalk. I love you and our life together.
Emilie Merckling SLOMO!!!!!!
I will like to meet him!! I just return to my skates and I share his feelings about skating. Great story, great person!
🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝
Elizabeth Eckenrod
I haven't! But now I want to go on a hunt to see him hahaha
This guy has been freaking me out since '06. I've always just thought he was on acid.
TJ Drescher Auston Webb Devon Webb
Jack Woltman
Slomo!
Reminds me of the guy who knocked me off my longboard
Goals tho
Carlton Christie
Kevan Hutchinson Trina Hutchinson Preston Hutchinson Lauren Hutchinson
If he ran you over, his medical training would have helped you.
I’ve seen this guy! He waved at us. So fun to watch him!
Constanza mira!
Jared Dial
Spencer Peake
Haha 👍 Marlon Rechberger
Dude... regardless of what you say about Slo-mo... it's awesome to see him in person every day at the beach. He's an inspiration regardless.  Sure, he worked hard to have the choice to live in Pacific Beach and do what he loves but he also left a life that many would rather continue living unhappily just to keep the status. Yes, he is a bit of a celebrity on the boardwalk nowadays, but I don't think that's what he's after... he just wants to be happy.
Natalie Leavey Maria Keane 🙈😂
Nick Surface
This is what I’m considering for my next move. Lol
Laura
Gary Fitzpatrick
Tune in Turn on Drop Out (but how many can afford to do that 2017??)
Antoine Jolette Riopel
Shhh, tick. Yes, I just called you a tick. Get over it!
Becky Carrington have you seen him?!
No!
Peter Doran
Sarah Allen do whatcha want
This is so cool! Thanks, Kir!
Osvaldo Gabaldon Berna yoloooo
Dil Dosanjh
Jesse Litvin relevant to our career discussion earlier

David Tyler
Sam Nishanian Made me think of you!
Chanel Aguilar
Liz  Erica Jon Sam well now I got a backup option
Kyler Evitt
Yeah, he didn't quit his job. He retired early. What a revelation.
Yeah follow your passion by either retiring early or, if you're still young, by not contributing to society and using services that others work to pay for. Cool.
j'en reviens pas, merci
This is so good.
How the hell is this story amazing? He retired early. If everyone followed the "do what you want" mantra, we wouldn't have any garbage pickup or a functioning sewage system, or hell, a functioning society. Hogwash.
Richard Layne
Nope, it isn't even giving it all up. It's just retiring early.
Exactly!
Melissa Rea Yes - all the locals knew his story & that short documentary u shared has been out for a few years so I saw it awhile back & it filled in the gaps of things I didn't know. Pretty cool story heh?
Cody Morlock do you remember this guy? He was roller blading in front of us
Scott MacLeish Ashley Wong Claire Blazewicz Dan Rabinovich
Sloooooooooooow DOWN!!!
Hannah O'Loughlin
That guy is living the dream! I hope to be like him one day! Just do what you want!
Jordan Zakaria
Alice Louise Johnson check out Slomo!
Bruh
You kinda touched on the subject. Canyon told me his life story haha
I don't even need to watch the video Jordan Coffey
Trevor Storey
Madison Taylor it's a good watch
Candace Ellstrom Giuntoli
Lily Weissgold
Mona I need to move to Cali
Devon Chalmers
Katie Becker #lifegoals #mayweallfindthezone #happytrailstoyou
Dr.Slomo
Do you guys hangout??? Brian Graham
True haha but now you know it's actually legit
Yeah all the time
Hannah Simmons Caitlyn Browning Brittany Benson Christine Eliza Do you girls remember chatting about Slomo?!
Janet Erickson Tamra Smalewitz Alyssa Pugsley Watch this, its the guy we saw that I told you about
Andrew Lagpacan Kat Ello
San Diego is two hours away from me
Roller kingdom tomorrow?
Wow awesome
omg that means you'll be 2 hours away from Hannah
Haha
I shared it on my Facebook last night haha. I love Slomo he's a beloved PB institution that I'd walk and blade by daily! I think you've even seen him there too before!
Ha that's awesome, we did see this guy!
Oh yes we do! I remember him when I first moved to SD 12 years ago! He's been doing this for a long time!
Vaguely, rings a bell.
Ashley Hayes Nichole Duran-Lozoya
Gosia Koczwara Armando Saldana Jr.
R u suggesting something 😅
Tyler Wolf
I totally remember him, still getting it done!
That was awesome
Gary R Ryan Gary R. Ryan kind of reminds me of you out on that new bike of yours
Edward clearly missed the whole point of the video. Let me help you 1) Money does not make you happy 2)Do what you want to 3) Live within your means.  I am sure I am missing some things but this about sums it up.
Dear Marta van Horik.....you miss the mark. I'm still working and do what I am passionate about. There are many wise young people who know how to work and follow their passions. So what if the doctor was blessed with the ability to go to school many years, work hard and retire early.....he deserves it. He knows when to safely quit due to his loss of eye sight.....great service to his patients. I work in Retina and see many eye diseases and people who find it hard to give up their independence like driving. I raised 3 son's who are exceptional young men, college and graduate school. You bet they contribute to society in outstanding ways! I don't think Slomo  promoted irresponsibility.
Riley Lekos Will Weggel Kristen Parker
Ara V. Vehian
Mission Beach SlowMo!!!!!!!
This gon be you
Natalie Kay, check this out, sweet! Have you seen this guy?
Such a boss. He is amazing
Jane Park Patricia Carr EsseDon EsseJared Esse
Thomas Browne Shane Poland Raymond Boffman
Rakshit Tyagi
HAHAHAH go slomo
f the institution
way to feed my existential crisis
i just want fulfillment
i watched the whole thing.
Christina Rollny!!!!!!!!!!!
envy???hehehe,can't do what u want???pity!!!
Paul Truong Vuong Tran
That’s cool!
This was so interesting
Yeah saw this. Backup plan for failing out of med school
JT Sauls
Blake Hite Brandon Leahy remember this guy on the boardwalk?
Luke Aguirre
couldn't you just show him this in person? Or did he already ditch you?
Thunder Braun
Love it!  Sometimes I feel just like that guy on my skates.  Still skating and loving it after all of these years.
Hunter Landis
if you could tell me how to get rid of him, I’d really appreciate it.
John S Kitchin they love ya man...we do too. Keep making us smile man.
Suchi
Love Slomo. Love that the NYT found him too. He is PB❤️

Emelia Stuart
Nick Lamanti Jeremy Smith Ryan Murphy
Mary Rosati I promise I won't stay in San Diego this long
Kevin Conroy
He should also donate enough of his money for charity!.
Ashley Elizabeth Chapman is this you?
Good ol slomo
Judy Kim I've seen this guy so many times.
Is Slomo still skating the Boardwalk and living his dream?
Natalie
#Slomo!! ❤️💗💙
Yvette Locke
Emily Trolia So....when are we moving?
Alana Locke watch this... you won't regret it !!!!! SLOMOOO
Jonah Amaya Lyndsay Castro Sara Amaya remember this guy in San Diego?
Edward M hit it right smack on head! He worked for this lifestyle!
Loretta, sit back and relax.
Daniel Carlton
Chris Cover Bonnie Classen Johnson
Man's a boss
Giorgio Osti Doc check this out! I thought of you.
Nelson Martoo I've had many chats with slomo
He seems an absolute legend
Shelley Nauss Meghan Nauss
Desiree Casillas I've seen him! Do you recognize him?
Jason Blank
true icon
Rosa ONeal
And that's what happens when you keep sampling the laughing gas!
Richard Wang, Filippa Fritz, Filip Östlund -- Minns ni detta? :) :)
Slowmo!! Legend..
Matt Eger
Matthew Dobert
Fascinating
Molly Ferguson Moell.. wait I feel like you totally told daniel and I about this guy when we visited you like 5 years ago! Haha
Haha, va??!
He eats at woodys everyday lol
You bet I did! The local celeb! 🤣 Come back and look for him...you can't miss him! Haha. Pretty awesome he made the New York Times!!
Phyllis
Tory
not yet!
Michelle LaCombe 😘
Nathan haha found him
Love this guy, he is so iconic and one of the many cool things that make San Diego so great. Keep on skatin' slomo and doing what you want to do !
That's awesome. Thanks for sharing it!!
Jon Taatjes
I love slomo!!  Sandy Brock Roland Griffin
Capriana Christian show your mom and dad!!!
Jeff Stoltey
Jason Powell Rafael Ellis-Rech watch
Nick DeAngelis
Drew Paglei Taylor McRory
Love seeing that dude skate by
Watch the video
Kasey Billitz
Steve O SanDiego
Lauren
Daniel Yeoman
I've seen this guy!!
Jared Aubel
You can only do this if you can afford to give up working for the rest of your life. As for divinity, it can also be found in the healing arts, in alleviating suffering; after all we're part of a greater whole that includes humanity. Slomo wants to stay high. Fine, just not necessarily a role model of wisdom.
Christian Aguinaldo
Eva van Ingen
You Jordan Wopinski
Absolutely agree with him! Everybody luckily, has the freedom making decisions how he or she want to live and enjoy their life.
Taryn Hernandez LOOK! SLOMO!!!!!
Nika Eskandari that physics
Also existentialism
Catherine Turner my guy!!
Melanierose Haag
Kerin Mctaggart
Joe figured you might enjoy this dudes story, I see him from time to time
Jessica Jeu I've spoken to this guy many many times!!!
Adam Hirsch
Carly Panos
lol he is a legend around here!
Luke can we skate along the beach together? 😍
Meg Campoy
Xavier JM
Melissa Andrew SLOMO
Kien Vuu
Rodrigo Puliceno
Ryan Kirkpatrick its slow mo man!:)

Raíza Costa olha vc no patins
Dea snapt het, far out.
Gonna find him now
Jan Robin Laura Marja Thomas 🤗
😂😂😂
Chas Salmen rapid acceleration and deceleration
Jordan Noetzelman
Wiesia Polanska zobacz to Pan neurolog miał dosyć i teraz tylko rolki 😁od rana do nocy
George Chmiel have you seen this guy in PB?!
Idk if I've seen him! I think Dad and Dianne Osgood Kay have! We were talking about him a few weeks
Kiko Lamb
Bester Mann!
I've known this guy for years because that boardwalk in Pacific Beach was where I would walk after work many nights and always be there on the weekend. He is so fortunate and blessed he could walk away from his job because he had the money to do it. Most people can't quit because they wouldn't be able to afford their rent or their new skates. The bottom line  is he's VERY fortunate he was able to walk away from his job, most of us would love to do that but can't! #blessed #lucky
Shane Kelly Cathal Corm Adam Keys Rory O' Neill
Exactly! Who wouldn't????! 🤛🏼
Tony Boyer Sergio Villarroel
I know, I thought the same thing! I wonder how they picked up the story?!
Lol, yes!
He'd not have done the same thing had he been a gas station clerk.. still it's a cute story.. the best thing is the middle ground, the balance of things. Google Gary Becker..
Nahal Poormasjedian
Grace Louise
David Bame Nick Klein I've been talking to him when he goes by since 2005 and he's been doing this way before I moved to the boardwalk , he has such an awesome story!
Drew Daly
Chassity Doremus
OP is salty af 😅
It would be nice if we all had the funds to do that and live comfortably like he would. I don't think he'd be living in a cardboard box lets just say, but good on him just the same for the discovery.
Judy McLean Eliza Brennan Sarah Goldfinger
so interesting wow
Joe boy
Sophia Atta omg remember this dude?
Shireen da Silva
Hahaaaa geniaal dit. Waren alle verhalen toch waar
Sydney Bayles
Elaine Whittaker This is right up your alley!
Maral Razmand :D should have shown this
Its time for humans to go
Ishka Bibel
Elizabeth Reiersgaard 👆🏻
Cool.
I don't believe decades and a billion dollars
Rohan Waghralkar how about sharing this Mr. M
You don't have to believe it. That doesn't mean it's not true. Maybe you could do a little research? You know, educate yourself.
Erica Li-Leger
I am a doctoral student at the moment, what about you? read anything relevant lately?
Degree doesn't equate to intelligence fool
I'm guessing that's not a pharmacology doctorate you're working on
Max Alex did you see this?
The recent study big pharma used to estimate its costs was funded by big pharama, was not peer reviewed, and used some questionable practices that have been called out as such in past studies. Link below.
https://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/19/upshot/calculating-the-real-costs-of-developing-a-new-drug.html?mcubz=0
John Pancharian exactly
Gregg Barnes why don't you show me the facts
Jonathan Nutt nope, but I do know how to evaluate research claims
Very cool!
Sophie Shoemaker This could be you
OPEN  UP  AMERICAS  MARKETS    TO  WORLDWIDE  MEDICINES  LOWERING  PRICES  ICREASING  BENEFITS
Ashkaan Mohtashami
https://www.theguardian.com/healthcare-network/2016/mar/30/new-drugs-development-costs-pharma

1.15 Billion as estimated by the British Pharmaceutical Association
Brandon Flint oh no! Facts.
the dream
It may take some effort, but the million dollars is a ruse to justify predatory pricing.
I think he’ll be glad we came across this and shared with him.
Joni, it does happen. Look up endocyte pharma company and research out of Purdue university. Mereck gave 1 billion in investments to endocyte on a new cancer treatment drug. And it is still not yet approved by the FDA it is still in clinical trails. I know because my brother with his phd in biochemistry molecular genetics is an inventor his discovery was published back in 2002 and and is just now on the fast track of FDA approval. It does take millions and years for research. Do the research. It has to go through many phases to get approved
David Bian essplain
Stop feeding antibiotics to our food chain and educate doctors to not over prescribe.
Sheridan Wilbur
The question is whether this lady works for academia, which is paid for by the taxpayer, or big pharma, which charges the prices, but which freely uses the information offered by scholarly analyses.
Yes!
This group was made to unite all the anarcho-capitalists of the world, with the intention of uniting projects and spreading the culture of freedom.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/450618505323772/
Yuussss this is what we do in our lab every week Murad Khrais
Twee Merrigan
No exit
Iris Kish
Sophia Sinko
Emily Brown Emily stone Marni Egrin Stone
Colleen Saidman
Colleen quinn
Alison fisher
Alison Cramer
Sheri celantANo
Mary Dana Abbott
Lauryn Yovino
Laughing lotus citizen yoga Karen Shelley Yoga
Bend and bloom
Julie dohrman
Siri Cavanna
Susan Kincaid
Bryan kest
Scud tehran
Leonard lopate
Kropotkin
The fifth estate is e b maple
Martin Scorsese
Lorne Michaels Michael Yednak
Just go back to eating natural food and stop doing drugs and taking drugs for everything. American future seems to be tall an fatter man full of deseases and stupids
Good
I used to work at Novartis. People who work there routinely collect soil and biological samples wherever they go on vacation which goes into the screening process.  You need good biologic diversity to increase the success of your screening programs.  if you're going to do screening.       In my experience (having worked in pharma research for 20+ years), basic research takes place in academia and a more applied kind of research takes place in pharma companies.   The cost of bringing a drug to market increases exponentially as you move from basic screening to clinical trials in new chemical entity research.  Believe it or not, academic research is not nearly as costly (or as likely to result in an approved drug) as the more targeted kind of research real pharmaceutical labs do.
No one asked you to believe it.  However, I can assure you that for every drug that gets approved, there are 5 - 10 candidate molecules that enter into some form of animal or human testing.  And, as you move from academic lab to animal testing to human testing, costs skyrocket.  Now, if you'd like to volunteer to do the work rats do in pharma labs, I bet we could get that cost way down.....
Fascinating! Thank you. 🙂
Joni McReynolds so what?  You're a doctoral student?  Of what?  Most of the people on this thread actually are pretty highly educated, so trying to one up somebody here on that basis doesn't work.  t I've actually done pharma research, academically and for a company for over 20 years, as well as  raised funds in order to develop products   You don't sound like you've done that, because if you did, you'd know better than to make ill conceived statements based on your "beliefs".
She works at Thompson Rivers University.
be careful. Monsanto might find the cave and spray it.
tree nut skins are best source of antibiotic. Big pharma tried to ban trees every day. Watch the west burn.
Guitars matter less than ever according to whom?
another out of touch article that no one wants to read.
where's my girl Mitski
But you  felt the need to comment on.
I'm pretty sure Diarrhea Planet would disagree with that statement
War On Women  ❤️🤘
Makoko Seita it was a question, not a statement
Girls Rock! Indianapolis
Us mandolin pickers rely on guitarists to back us up. Also, guitarists make great husbands and friends!
does this have anything to do with the fact that you are a male ?
Bring back the eagles
Guitars mean more now than they ever have.  Dont believe the hype.
Leanah Chestnut
Guitars Cadillacs and hillbilly music
It depends on the type of music you're making.  Guitars are important  to rock and country. If it's electro/dance then you may not need it. Except for live shows to make the experience  more intense for  the audience.  The same for hip hop. Guitars are still important today in live shows.
Did that first sentence in the description have any sort of factual basis or truth behind it? Maybe if you listen to one type of music then you don't care about guitars but to say they don't matter is ignoring the fact that millions of people listen to genres of music that use guitars in every song
Leena Erik
Will Krulak its the girl band you like
Snail Mail!
Perhaps look up what "may seem" means. As in it is a perception, especially based on the actions of Major Labels.
If these are the saviors, Rock is dead.
Pretentious

[pri-ten-shuh s]

adjective
1. Characterized by assumption of dignity or importance, especially when exaggerated or undeserved: a pretentious, self-important waiter.
2. Making an exaggerated outward show; ostentatious.
3. Full of pretense or pretension; having no factual basis; false.
Maybe it's not that guitars matter less than ever, but music critics are dumber than ever.
...may seem?  Wow - you had me at the start with "Guitars..."  and then went right over the cliff head first!  Lame.
Rock is dead.  It died with Kurt Cobain.  This stuff is just the funeral music...
http://www.billboard.com/charts/hot-100
http://www.billboard.com/charts/hot-100
The billboard top 100 has always been radio hits. Doesn't mean it's the only good music out there
Hummour !!!
that's not the point. no one is saying that good guitar-based songs are being made. but it is objectively true that they are much less popular than they used to be.
rock no longer has the same major influence on the direction of pop music or culture that it once did
F@ck guitars, I like my bands to be heavy in oboes.
ZERO relevance to guitars. NYT disappoints yet again.

I was click-baited by this because I expected to hear female bands "making some of the most urgent, politically relevant music around" with GUITARS.
Emily Foertsch you might find this interesting
I won't argue there, it's clear that what's popular now mostly uses computerized instrumentals rather than recorded instruments (for the most part)

But you can't just ignore that fact that there are people who don't just listen to what's popular. And to say guitars matter less isn't really accurate.

That being said, I honestly don't know what this nyt video/article even had to do with guitars...
Georgia Hall
Nathan
I am disgusted
Gabriel Keam
Guitars will NEVER matter "less than ever"!  :) Elmo D'Cat
Guitars not relevant? They're more relevant than common sense in the White House.
Billy Moran
"Some of the best" - cool. Heard nothing about these bands girls are from.
Yeeeaaah Dowtown Boys Rey Posado
Nothing beats a good reed section!!
Sorry, from one who experienced the music of the 60's, 70's, 80's and 90's, music today is pathetically non-creative.
There is so much ignorance in these comments. War on Women are awesome.
I'm too busy catching up on the 19th century to notice.
Hal Bernhoft
have you seen the whole interactive interview they did for this?? i cried for sure
I hate how hipster the NY Times is
Jordie some classic sadie
loooool this is so good! Also Snail Mail going for Songs Ohia lmao ...so hxc
I see a lot of you are still living in denial that rock is dead. I was there once, still clinging to the hope that it will come back and save the music scene from it's inevitable decline into creative mediocrity. You just have to accept it at this point. It's dead. It's never coming back to the mainstream, and that's ok. It was never supposed to be there in the first place. It has returned home to where it has always belonged; dingy bars, musty basements, and small venues. Take a deep breath and say it with me: Rock n Roll is dead.
Susan M Chumbley
Inara
Carlo Rigoli
Texture of finished cake looks perfect, but all that sugar (in batter)...is it really necessary?
Monica Jetty Renee Bodien ?????
Dany 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤 Esteeeeeee mero! 😍
Yummy.    Mouthwatering choco dump
Seductive
Holiday baking around the corner. Thank you. 😋🍪🎃
Katy Motley
Linda Semyon
Kevin Judeich
Ângela Cruz Ulysses Cm bolo denso, pra engolir tem q tomar um copo de Coca Cola . Um
Dia teremos um vídeo de food porn de doce n enjoativo ou comida salgada sem uma roda de queijo maçaricada ou 🥓
Nikitha i'm dying
Majo Justiniano Boada
Too little frosting to sponge ratio sorry
Nathan J. Bouchér 🤤
Betty Glez
Maria Micallef
Violeta Varga
Carlene Meyer 🤤
Alberto Tavano
Orla Keogh 🙈
Anne Goffin Cake porn!
Jesse Lynn Weissman
Kelsey Ferreira Lizzy Akindolie
Martha Stanley
Chelsea San Miguel I want this for my birthday cake
Grace Chan-McCarthy 😍😍
Laureen Apuzzo Wood yummmm
Sandra Janzsó 🤤
omg let's make it
Tyler N ColinMinor
Download the #GOT #gameoftheones novel from here for free and direct link
here >> https://goo.gl/uWAzdx
Abby
Aishwarya Nair
Leve se me antojó 🙊 Grisell esto es demasiado!!!
Hercules Leiske
Julia Meeks Make & mail?
100% not a dump cake.... come to the south... we have recipes
😱😳❤️ nueva receta Maria Raya
Better than our dump cake Meaghan Viveros
What makes this a dump cake? Seems like a normal recipe to me.
Alexandre D'Ávila
Oh my!
Isabel Gómez Vega
Karly Davis Nanny used to make this but we called it Chocolate vinegar cake and she used vanilla icing! I did not find this in her recipes but I watched her make it many times. You should add this to your recipe book! 😘
Pranali Taskar I am getting chocolate and sour cream on my way there next time! <3
Coca ks (vidro 290ml)
Juan Pablo Convers Felipe Osorio
Brendan Dolan Something tells me we should have our dear love Steven Menelly make this for us
Omg. Tbt
Grace Cohen
When you read NYT but wanna "slum it" while you bake.
YUM
Luke Anderson this cake is for US
Annie Phillips
Hajara we should make this!!! (Camélia can help?!)
Nina Solis back it up and dump it
😱😋 ! You girls can try and I will tell you if it tastes good LOL !
Yummy 😋😋. Oh yeah girl we should totally make this cake
Brandon Cante Tinza
Hajara Joundi you are going to clean the dishes 😜 right Devaanjana Goel ?!!
ArTu
Best cake ever. I've made it.
HIDEOUS
not thw dump cake...the pink monstrosity that came after it
^that's actually perfect!
TheLeemit DoesntExist
Mateus e ae CK
No problem ! I don't mind putting everything in the dishwasher !!! 
😅💅🏻😝
Winnie Chelsea Joanna next time?
Hahaha Of course lazy until the end.... you don't want to screw up your manicure from monday 💅T
Só me dar a forma removível que eu faço
Fernando Kutugata  😍 se ve bien ricoo
✌🏻✌🏻✌🏻
Yummm looks so moist and chocolatey
Jennifer Hu next baking project ??
Solta a batida ae dnv
Definitely sounds like something our dear love Steven could make us
王露贻 (Elaine Wong) this is what we need in our lives
Miranda Sadler not cupcakes but wow
Texas Sheet Cake
Colleen
Jacquie Silano
Jess Cooper
Arlene Bodden make me this 😋 please!
Stephanie Gordon
yes bake this
Juliette Merol
Melissa Infosino
Karla NG
Jennifer Turnbull
Karen Deloye Monks
Craigmark LG
Laurie Brousseau
Catherine Barlin
Emily Brown should I make this for your birthday?
Margarida Queirós
Hágalo 😛
Ryanna GiangVienna Luu
Jajaja es para que tu me lo hagas a mi 😛
Devapriya Vadhera
Sirali Ap make this for me please 😘😘
Nitya N Kundoor
i watch this beautiful video, with its charming cinematography, its delicate attention to detail, and end with my mouth literally watering at the beautiful work of art that resulted from the baker's hard work, and then i read this comment.
am i ur servant
Shanzé Rizwan
That looks amazing! But how are two of us supposed to eat that whole cake!
This seems a lot like a "depression cake" which means you don't need eggs.
WE NEED TO MAKE IT
Jessica Walsh
Next baking sesh x
Make me a cake Paula Brown
Byeee
Andale 😘
Danielle Brisco
Plans for next wknd
Rafaela 😎
Sam come dine with me cake?

Connie Strybel is requesting this for her 66th birthday. David Strybel I want YOU to bake it!!!! Thank you.
I want it but I don't want to make it lol

Luisa Agüero faz pra mim
Phuck. Yeyas!
Ian Dalessio
Hosein Dillon
Eleanor Madison
chocoalte bich!!!
Need a sifter
Luiza.
Now I'm hungry😳
Todd Neeson
I'd still take it 😍
Elaine Stewart baking??
Darragh lets go for choco cake tomorrow ??  😋
true
Kristen is this on your menu ?
Avisa-me duas horas antes de vires que vais ter um destes à tua espera quando chegares ;)
Oscar García Gómez
🤤 Basically my recipe!
Shayne Gonzales Gina Whitten yasssss
Miles Antonyoww O. Çäì Gusto ko mag bake!!! 😩😩 SARAAAAP
Emily Bell Jessica Brooke
Pem McNerney you're always looking for recipes. This looks fantastic.
bake it for me
Mg bake ka 🙄🤣
Haaaaaazme!
Mayra, vamos fazer?
Háganmelo para mi bday! Sandra Luz Ceniceros Mesta Jules Munoz 😋🍫🍰🍫🍰🍫
Melissa MJ 😍
Gina Joell 😍
I never can figure out why they use unsalted butter and then add salt.
I’m sure we’ll find a way 😛 plus Chet!
Mmmm
HAHAHAHA Bili ka oven! 😂😂
Bbili tlga aq pguwe q jan gus2 q rin mg bake e 🤗🤔😊
Ian Sullivan
Sarapan mo mag bake ah!
Kotong ka sakin pag hindi! HAHAHAHA
Yum yum! Thanks!
Monica Chosak
Sarah October?
Sammie Iannacone


Eheheheheh noted! 😍
Erick Mestas Calderon		
Monica Ramosuna  delicia
Jhovana Gavilan Candia
Kanta I want to make this
EJ Genzianelli
Sonali Kothare we have to make this next time we hang out together!!!
Eduardo Oliveira
So you can control the saltiness.
Alexa Garcia 👀👀👀
Prakriti Joshi
I live with and love one hell of a baker and she uses salted butter in the best cakes, cookies, pies and brownies I have ever put in my mouth. I am skeptical that you can tell the difference between a stick of salted butter or a teaspoon of salt.
Kristy Karley
Majo Güémez
Whoa whoa a DUMP CAKE in only 1 hour and 45 minutes eh? Don't over sell it
Michelle Morale Campanaro
Jireh Grace P. Poquita
Similar to The one you gave me
This looks great
Mariella Green
Edilson Cattaruzzi, essa cobertura é com sour cream!!
Rosario Mendoza Montaño
Frosting is just semi sweet choc chips and sour cream?  Doesn't sound good...
Gabriela Rivera
Can't be harder than the brownies right lol
Nina Morales I love these aesthetic vids
Stephanie Ferguson
Ven enanita y te cocino lo que quieras
Catarina Alves fico à espera da próxima segunda a 8
yes
dude i was watching it when u messaged me
José Abraham Fabela Barragan el pastel más decadente...
Omg

Jigna Ajmera Shah
Can you use a regular cake pan rather than a bundt cake pan?
Contreras Vero
Melissa Martinez
Jordan Leung mmmmmmm
Brian Susan
Chloé 🙋🏻
I have been making a cake similar to that for over 30 years and it's always a winner.
Keerthika Lakshminarayanan
It's called a ganache 🙂. Is it good ? Can a wheel spin ?
I hate combining "chocolate" with "dump". Surely theres a less scatological term.
Miriam Cichon
This is mean.
Luis Mueller
Ok I'll take your word for it and give it a try!
Anna Wallin
Justice 😍😍😍
Leanne Bryan
Reto aceptado
Yes you can.
Cassidy Gosse Delaney Gosse next cake?
Louise Adams
Reema Shah Viola Spahiu Rachel Cowan
Abhimanyu Re
oooh lets make this one day!
Monica Berron
Sam Wallace Ryan Mulrooney For our baking  day
Tina Burdette this looks delicious
Kristin Jean
Yum!
Shiva Sood
Betsy Lutrell don't make too much cause you'll be licking the bowl clean 🙂
Adam Beggs I hate this style of cooking video actually????
That cake looks nice and. Moist
They're trying to make art
Beth Tong who needs to be a professional baker?

You're making it and sending it to me?
Daniel O'Connor McCluskey
omg Valeria Gonzalez
LOL probs way harder
Arlene Wolf
Looks delicious!😋
Devin Hammond Phoebe Love Yusim
Allison Lindsey

Mmmmm dump it!
Donna Cook
Joe McGowan
Yum
Altira Raihansa Hakim let me risk getting diabetes
...
1. Not a dump cake; 2. Do not disparage the Pillsbury Bake Off Cookbook, it holds its own against Joy and every other cookbook on my shelf.
Austin Friedman
Arpita Nandi
Neeti Kapur this reminded me of your Dump cakes...haha
Goshhh hahaga
Man dun bluff, u might seriulsy get it😂
But tho is choco yeaa d shinyness is visually pleasing hahahaha
Carolyn Freeman the caption of this video is peak NYT Cooking
Emily Conner let’s make this together 🤤
Unsalted butter is fresher because salt is used as a preservative.
That is one hell of a cake :)
Dinora Romero omg
Brandon idk whats wrong with me but the title of the cake made me laugh instantly
Unless you are springing for artisan butter, I doubt you could taste it. Even then it's doubtful.
dump it in my gaping maw amiright XDXDXD
Brita another dump for
You  🤣
Thomas Salyer
Ori Schildkraut
Carly Ann
Shoshana Segal
Dump cake Spencer Urbanowski
Nicole Tilley Natalie Tilley
Sean Powers
Daphne Assimakopoulos can we make
Andres Manuel Lopez
Aileen Schüßler
Marcia make
No comprendo
high/low at its best
The point of a dump cake is that you just dump stuff into the dish you are baking it in.  You only dirty the baking dish.  When you use a double boiler, bowls, pots, strainer, etc. It is just a regular cake.
King Kwon
Uh hello why am I also not tagged?
Ana Carolini Rodrigues
Gabriel Magalhães
Sarah Wood you can make this for me
Patricia Karren
Priyal Gandhi
Hrijuta Jitesh
Kari Jean
Jasmine Singh
Branden
Love this cake been making it for years
Kylie Hawker
De cumpleaños ?? Abdi Jahdai Xicotencatl Rodriguez
David...
Niharika Bajaj
UFFFF
Marielos 😱😱
I can make a chocolate cake but this is a chocolate flan , it's called a flan coz of the shape , I will make a normal round cake , ok ? The taste will be the same
Amani Alzubi
Lillian Bell
Scott Williams, I would like you to make me this cake as my birthday present this year, please.
Fernando :3
Andy Arango
Tobi Tobsucht, guck mal, wäre der nicht was für Dienstag?
Kevin Wang
Se ve tan húmedo y cremosito yummy
Yesenia Hernandez Octavio Graniel Zarate
🙌🏽 woohoo, do it!
Tina Le
Emily Becker
I bought some Amish made butter at our local bulk food store and it was very salty. But with commercial brands I can't tell the difference, and I am not a heavy salter.
Logan Grgs
I have to strongly disagree. I've made this cake, and I hated the 2-ingredient frosting. Nothing magical happens - it literally tastes like chocolate sour cream.
Benedetta ti prego 🙏🏻
Yummmm
Sbrighiamoci a finire questa sessione 😍
Jessica Engle
Well....Let me tell ya story. Back in 1899 when this recipe was invented, a lot of bakers lived very lonely lives. When the freshly baked cake was dumped out of the pan, the bakers would put their penises inside the cake to test for moisture and warmth.
Alina Vaida uite să îți poți face 😄
MC Rose 😍
Is this what we want for September?
Don't be rude. Everyone knows dump cake involves multiple forms of animal feces. Moron.
Ifrah Tariq make this
Ilegal!

Rrezarta Rexhbeqaj Syla
If you like the taste of semen, you'll love it. I bake it weekly for my girls at the brothel. Cheers from Iceland.
Amazing
Dump 💩 cake 🎂
Saman Ahmad Kulsoom Imdad Jini Jacob this is a good recipe. I didn't use the frosting in video though, & frosted with my almond and  walnut one. Went really well with it. Do try!
Why did the cake turn out dark? My Grand mem mem made this cake ninety one point one years ago and our alien dog grandpa loved it. But we never added sugar the way you did.
Mary Margaret Sinnema
Moeen Abid malt cake
Elenh Karagiannakh
Πρωι πρωι σατανααααα
Rachel Hilary Kotow
Martine Rizzo
I hate everyone in the top comment section.
Lauren Sadulsky 😳
Kaeley Hall Bufton let's do this
Sophie van Rosendael

Please make me Alsa Hussain
😍
Abay ye lgta ha bana lenge mgr iska M b nae banega humse xD
You f@#$king s.o.b.s - now I need cake!
Lucijana Jelicic
Jessy Sparkles Dawson
Alexis Rae😋😋😋
Maybelle MommaKoh 😱
Mari Fromstein
Lucia Triana

Joshua Lee cakeeee
Jessica Metcalfe Amy Metcalfe
Hahahaha bhai cake banana itna mushkil nahi hota, bus oven acha hona chayiyr
Oh man they make it look so effortless and magical. We should try it
Caitlin Jones i rly want some chocolate cakenow
Megan
😍
😍😋
U want choc cake ?
Ashima Kapur
So pretty, seems delicious !
Jeannine Trümpyne
Billy Graham Brayden man I just want to 'lick' this
Joseph Hannon
It's in the uncanny valley. It's close enough to make you pay attention, but it's not 100% the lick
خلص بطلت جاي عبالي 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Isabel Nakonieczny
Honestly 5/7 is more than passable, given the right rhythm. I learned this the hard way in cs61a :'(
shoulda gone to jazz school with me
Here I am, rejected by UC Jazz combos and practicing sight reading and ear training all day...
maybe if you studied for cs61a instead of Jazz184 you'd be doing better?
Pilar Martinez de Rosinol 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
I don't start to study for my music course until during class when everyone else does the exercise first
Oskar Prosa
Rabia Raza 😍
Janika Gahalot
Hector Rodriguez  too mucho no? Jaja
Kookie Cortina this is basically identical to my mum's Devilishly Rich Chocolate Cake
Kathrin Bachmann den auch 😍
Carla Basbous Hala Lahoud Jamile Lteif Damaa
Gabriella Velander Fanoun
On it, tonite 😊
Natalie zabierz mnie.
Molto meglio la nostra caprese !
Sure dear..kulsoom do tell us how it came out...

Monika Myśliwiec
I have to try making that frosting again cuz the cake base was the bomb!
Kookie Cortina in waiting until I can get Cadbury when the English shop in Heidelberg reopens!
Zeljko
#saltedbutterforlyfe
Missy Meyer
Oooooh! Send me a photo when you make it again! 😍
mama pls Teresita Santiago
Oh la folie
Why does it have a hole in the middle?
Kimberley Sarıışık😍😍
Jule Volke
Mahnoor Shah da jor ka mala
It's just a style thing. You could fill it with strawberries and cream.
Maya
Sam Bernstein
Miriam
I see you're torturing yourself 😂
Daniela Michler dieses Video 😍
Seda Akbas Ozatay
Luciana Santos Carvalho
Claudio Carvalho
Paula Koziak
Christian Farah
Nidhi Goyal sikhlo for march
Okay done bus dua kawa yao coppge kem admsn ushy 🙈🙈
🍽🍽🍽😍😍 kom maar op! Zit al te wachten met mn slabbetje om 😂
I hv my own eggless recipe 😎
Hahaha bus teek da
Grant Robertson
Mąka, cukier ;)
Nabila Kaci
volgende week samen eten!?
Els. Arendje wil deze voor haar verjaardag
Hahahahaha! Volgende keer als je weer hier bent😍
Jaaaaaw😍😍
Change the name and I might consider baking it.
Allison Muccilli Cofone thought of you. Jennifer L Lowe yum!!!
Done!
😍😍😍
Lara Ehrenzeller
Ayesha Kothawala
Vezi pe când vin la Brăi îl faci
Daca astepti tu sa vii pana il fac eu... :)))
Cred că o să am nepoți
Cam asa ceva :)))
Lasa ca si un smoothie a fi bun ;)
Nu știi tu de-alea
yap da yiyelim :)
Nu eu trebuie sa stiu, ca tu il faci :))))


Erica Christensen
Rachel Dillon
Meike van Roessel het lijkt me een top idee dat jij vandaag een chocoladetaart gaat maken!
Aidan van Heerden
Susann Fagerman
Får bli nästa projekt!!
Giorgio Oliveri
Clara Edwards Gillian Heenan I think ours was better
Definately 😀
Bak den Guro
Heidi Siller  An die Töpfe fertig los Heidi Ulm
Lillian Chung this looks actually delicious
Wo
Woow
Messy cook! Lol
Paul Maggio
🌝🌝🌝 Gabriella Canela
Es mochtet den i feuer enk un👌👍👍😅😘
מוצר שימושי להכנת עוגות 
להזמנה לחץ כאן
http://ebay.to/2hog691
Tara Moazzami

Walter Vale Pinto 😋
Maria Paulina Buus-Hansen 😘
Pour mon anniversaire Amandiine 'Boyer
Valjeta Ahmetaj  😍
Fai Searra ^^!
HPiedemonte Andrei
Emma
Oskar Búcaro Stenman
Yum
Zia Sansted Dia Mahesh MORE CAKE SATURDAY
Sarah Kirmani
Ange Ibis
Yasmina Al-amm
Anlasam yaparım belki 😂😂😂
Ramola Khushlani😍😍
I want this Avinash Siddharth Abhimanyu Kuber
Imagine it with little multicolored sprinkles on top!
👅
Dawnie Pawnie
อยากกินง่ะ
Renato Krasić
Ndagyre Jane come collect
Birthrate was low as a result
Shruti Dua
Sabrina Capolupo
no cho
Chiara Banaudi
Mishima Govind
Aishwarya
Agnes
It's your choice, but this looks amazing!

Aditi Palsikar
Che sofferenza
Lekker! Voor na m'n dienst!
Cuciniamo oggi!
Zahra Aamir
Mich
Frederic Besnard
loof is al bezig maar volgens mij past dit niet in jouw nieuwe eetpatroon
Venla Sorvari !
Lauren Christie office oven...

Yep.
Tag Kanwal Midhat Khan
Michael
Giovanna 😍
Cant u buy me one
Jane CarlyElise une bonne idée pour le glaçage !
Hemant Mahajan gotta frost more often haha
Dit is helemaal mijn eetpatroon! Slowly cooked, 100% pure chocolade en dan het liefst met ganzen- ipv finaterylvereikt kippenei
Seruppadi dhaan
Vera Viana então!!! E eu 😂😂😂
Lea Luz mal wieder kuchenzeit
boter en suiker zien we door de vingers
Namita Purohit
Angela De Tullio
sai che non me lo faccio dire due volte
Nadia El-Gabalawy - Chocolate Dumps! Perfect!
Nádia Natale
Okay, i will ;)
Poonam Kochhar
Alex Adrian a dump it cake for crumpit?
Fai Searra same but looks so fatttt haha
Ema Štrbac
Anushka Gangal
Olivia Kalogiannidis ??
Stevo Lindo

Never been one for chocolate cake, to much chewwin to much work .
Mmmm yummmm i want this --now!!!!!!!
Caitlin Myers
Jake Vos watching cakes
Biddy Hollings soon
1 stick of butter? OTT
Kanwal Ali pls make this for us 👀
Fabia Buchner !!!!
Jo Slyn
Heerlijk ik eet graag mee
Ken Dominguez
Nicht schlecht 👌🏻
Barbara Faraci Luana Faraci
Bixo Luis Raguzzoni
Kirsty Clark??
É açúcar pra caralhoooow... Mas vamo que vamo, só me diz quando
❤️❤️😱
Andreia R. Sousa, eu n disse q o anterior era o último? 😂
Lol
Hoor Tausif
Done 😛 take me shopping on mod's last day 😛
I'll get this fr u the very next day 😛
Sarah Laing
Valquiria Vilela
Saumya Johri
😍😍
you making it?
Janet can give you tips!
Dale Newton Anecia Coppack "they" have been listening!!!
Matt Keffer
Chiari Lorenzo
😋
Straight outta Bayonne.
😋
Pa' cuando. Allí está la receta 😃
Catarina
Harrison Chloe
Jo Villanueva
😍😍😍😍😍
Fabiola Franco Pires :O
Dump it Ash Black Frank Cotela Mark Boffa
Yo si hay que hacer algo k no sea comer directamente paso
You need to change either the temperature on the video or the actual recipe - the video says 350 degrees, actual recipe says 375 degrees.
Isa Sto
😋🎂
Ich brauch nen Taschentuch.
Samara Oliveira encontrei amor
OMG. That looks so good!
Maria Luiza Campos
Urge, volta depressa então! Quero!
EllenBess Gable
UAU!
Ines este foi o bolo que eu fiz nos meus anos e tu e o Tiago comeram bué e ficaram mal dispostos lmao
This recipe is very similar to Texas sheet cake!
Harambe loved chocolate dump-it cake
Ramsha Jahangir if that makes you happy
Thuzar Htet Htet Esther Htoon
Jeanne Marie Thompson
Francesca
Harriet Bolster 🤤
Mike Featherstone
Zebel Akhand
Jessica Dawn
Have a recipe called "Crazy Cake" which is made right in the cake pan.  Uses vinegar.  Lots easier.
Dee
must. have. now.
Bonnie Luk make it w moi
Sally van Vliet
Inês de Carvalho
Leen Al-kukhun remember your baking phase in life? I liked that phase.
Thale Thorkildsen
Lorenzo questa per Natale dai
Romée van Valkenburg voor me maken?
Make it vegan!

"Dairy is proving to be a vulnerable spot for the entire slaughter racket. The public is steadily waking up to the fact that the reality of milk production is not a matter of trivial imperfections, of concern only to idealist vegans, but in fact the most dark and wicked part of all farming. And delicious, non-dairy milk, cheese and dessert alternatives are now widely available, so as people learn the truth it is easy for them to ditch dairy for good."

https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/mar/30/dairy-scary-public-farming-calves-pens-alternatives
Carol Harris Webb another one
PURE A MEEEEEÈEEE
Mmm
SIII a tutti e dueeee
My understanding is that using unsalted butter not only controls the salt in the recipe, but also that the added salt in the butter interferes with the volume of the ultimate result of the recipe.  Cookies are not flat, etc when unsalted butter is used.
This looks even better than the last dump 😅
Edona Karakashi
How is that any different than adding a teaspoon of salt to the recipe?
Yes!!! This is just the right amount of choco
Mumtaz Meghjee
Mariana
Kristiyan Urukov
Katianna Hatzilouizou
Sara Perantoni ♡
Angali
Beth Hulslander
Joozan Khaleel
Shaheel - just thought you might enjoy watching this.
Stop looking at yummy recipes like this! But it's not a dump cake
Mats baker du til ikveld ?
Nei :) 😂😂
Julia Harrison
Ashlei Nadler
tag #2 Kinsey Drake
Joseph Beeman
Muneeza Khan 😐😋😊🤗
Elgin Marbles make for me when I come Back
Sascha das Rezept muss ich mama zum Geburtstag zeigen 😍😋😋🙈
Parece muito boomm, vou tentar fazer ☺
Me manda um pedaço 😁
Peter Chehadeh Yum! We'll have to make this!
Mando hahah pq não tenta fazer?? 🤓🤓 tenho certeza que consegue 😊
Amanda Roia
Catherine Vn plzzz
Shamsa Kanwal
Marina Leandri
Eu ainda acho que se colocar esse recheio no meio, fica igual o Bolo da Matilda!!!!
Shreya Thirumalai !!!!!!!
Use sua intuição 
Siga o coração ❣ 
😋
Looks pretty great
A sério?? Não me lembro nada disso !
Apoorva Sharma
Donisete Dos Santos
Kim Jenkinson
Amirah Sheikh
Luiz Felipe Guaraná
Ian Fitzgerald cough
Danielle Schubbe
Yes people use to make cakes like this before mix packets
Katherine
Bundt cake
Ale Dykstra 😍
Vafa 🙄
Emily Heitmann Lena Zomer 😏
Sergio Maya
Allison Ford
Hab gespeichert 😏
Jessie VanMersbergen thanks!
🤗☝✌İYİ GÜNLER HERKESE şok şok bütün borçlardan kurtulmanın tam zamanı abilerim kardeşlerim ablalarım arkadaşlarım (araba almak isteyen ev almak isteyen bakala veressiye borç ödemek isteyen kıredi kartı borç ödemek isteyen yüm arkadaşlarımın MESAJ ATLAMALARI YETERLİ, OLACAKTIR
Lass mal zusammen backen. 😏
Supergrasienta😍
Karen GR
Nicolle Rakanidis
Oh my... yummy!
Isabella Bittar
This is one for Julia!  Our Julia, not Childs.
Grace Brady we've gotta create a list
Johanna Stephanie Arce
Si t'es fin
Huda Raza make it
Not a true dump cake, but at least you dump most stuff into the same pot. It's still a little simpler than many cakes made in a mixer. I haven't made this yet and I wonder how well the ingredients blend this way. From the picture I can see some white/light spots which I suspect are lumps of flour that didn't blend in. Has anyone made this recipe? Does it work as well as in the video? It's not a new recipe.
Grasienta era la que hiciste aquella vez con 2 kg de mantecaaaa
No, people are baking a good chocolate cake all wrong. Butter, salt, milk, eggs and baking soda are horrible ingredients for a good chocolate cake and totally unnecessary for flavor, texture, or success at the table. Try a good eggless chocolate cake made with olive oil and water. Don't use baking soda. Use baking powder. Salt is ridiculous. The only ingredients that are absolute for flavor is the vanilla and, of course, the yummy, yummy cocoa. No heating on the stove waiting for the mixture to cool....waste of time.
Christine Glascock Reder
Lucía Mancilla De Thoms
Danilo
Den mochmr nor "special" 🔥😜
Nora Lavin Cruz
ingredients
Estefania Nieto that's my kinda slomo
Catherine Vn 😧
Zarlish Raza Kazmi make this
.... ok même si t'es pas fin
Adiyan Ahmad
Tehreem Shahroze
Magdalena Rodriguez
Hahaha i had some good talents walla
Ji hazoor
Siii ésta está ahi palo a palo
Priyanka Sharma
Rachel for X-mas! You Should bake it.😁🍫
Elvira Nousairi para Marianne ❤️
Luci Taparo
Cielle
Delicius 😋
Mandovi Rajan Aditi Deokuliar
Fabricio Missorino Lazaro
Gimme
Catherine Vn 💁🏻‍♂️
?
Jeremy Staub
Pavel RAH PUTAIN
Carina
Dile a Sam para cocinar
Christy Azzi can you make me this 😬
Deanne Frazier
Daniel Evan Jacobs your next bake pls
Georgia Smalios I know it's not s dump cake but it still looks gooooood
Arlette González Peralta
Ximena ML
Eu mandei-te este vídeo e disse que ia fazer este bolo e fiz ahahah
cra z Y
Aso mt dein 🌿 drin😂😂
mmmm delicioussss 😍 keks qabi alim bishirerem🙋🏼😂
Natalie Youssef lets bake THIS
🎂🎂🍰🍰🍫🍫🍰🍰🎂🎂😘😘😍😍
🤤
Maria Eduarda
Elina we make tonight.
Smita Kumar
hhah bineye gedende xeber ele)
Too much chocolateeeeeeeeeee
sederey sederey xorosho 😄
Amanda Green-Gilliland Robin O'Brien
Indira Andrea Telma I want to make it!!
Thought the same thing
Malak Hreiche ummmm
Gina Bains
There's no way I can make a healthy version of this 😂
I want to try this.🙌🏼😃
Mariana Gomezgil
Mmmmm!!!!! Deliii!!
Alanni
Alison Steinbach
😐😐😐
Samien Dzindo
😂😂😂😂 i glab do verkennsch du epas 😜😉😃😃💜
Filia Lgk
Vanesa ES
Ah
Ya le miens avant le tiens ...
Carlos David Londoño Sulkin
Monica Slaviero
Lynden Kidd
Que ricooooo 😍 hay que hacerlo 🙏🏼
hoy 😋✨
Beautrice Soo Phavorachith pls
Sip
Carla Mandujano
Manini Gurtu
sei mal fazer o normal
Sherveen Riazati
Samantha Salwasser
Lisi Fröhlich Better than a movie.. XD
Safeee!
Jessica Fernandez if you want to make this I'm willing to eat some 😀 Samantha DeVita Renee Greenberg would be willing to help too I'm sure!
Katiane Rodrigues Bárbara Graciola
Erin David make me this pleaseeee
Shruti Shah


Ingrid Rodríguez
Wow I wish I had a bowl
Jajaja no me dea ideas pq lo hago
Oh my...
Areeba Aslam
Steph Hobbs
Kevin Palacios let's make this soon!!!
Julia McCarthy
Pherozesha Aguam Bangcola II
😱😱😱
What are u waiting for?
Anna Smith
Gerard Mc Daid
Marina Monaco
Zimata kato se priberesh shte mi go napravish
That looks delicious. But why is it a dump cake??
Vamos a intentarlo 😂😂
Mira Taniaa, me acordé de ti. :3
Noelia Sigüenza De León Megan De Leon
Jules Merida BESSY TARAAA
Vincent Benlloch
Ratlly hazme este !! Se ve delicioso 😍
Özlem Canik Den skal du lige lave meget snart!!
Sofia Calderon
Emma TyrrellJan YonanLaura TaylorRyan Lasker help
Kristina Jocic koji kinder kolac, ovo moramo da probamo😂
Se ve delicioso.
Juliana Sant'Ana
Vanita Deol Nekolaichuk  Sukh DL
Tasty!
Please Lula Marleck Rom
Linn-Mari Varsi 😍😍😍
Imelda Arreguin
Vaaaa
Asha Mirchandani try this next time
Iliana Tiene Frío
Noureen Waheed 🤤
Isha Mittal
Jonathan Reese
Donna P Morman!!!! Omg!
Do you have a recipe you like? My vegan teen has a bday coming up!
I will make this!!!!
Paul VanderMeer
G ako!!!
2 cups of sugar? umm no
Akshit make me this :3
Lucia Byrne This one is simple and great. From "The Joy of Vegan Baking": www.organiclivingmag.com/html/recipes.html
Siddique Mahbub
Kaushali Uduwela
Lucia Byrne the recipe is a variation of the same thing. But looks like Sara Fox has already left you a recipe! Happy Birthday to your friend.
Camila Rodrigues 😍
Saba Waheed would it taste good/
Paige Thomas
Eric Baeuerle
😱 lage du? 😏
Our tried and true favorite family cake recipe- and so easy!
Sophie Madeline Annie I have to watch this cake be iced
Yessss
OH YEAH BABY
Yummmm 😋😋😋
Omg yum! Osama Waheed let’s make this!
Valentina Tanzi
Omg yum! Osama Waheed let’s make this!
Gotta try this Bushra!
Eugenia Salazar Rebeca Araya Marotha
Jean-François L'Her ganache is supposed to be chocolate and normal cream. Using sour cream is just gross and unnecessary.
Except the point of a Texas sheet cake it good icing and this is the grossest 'icing' ever.
Juliana De Queiroz Chaves
I want it
Hahahaha samo da crknemo od ovoga 😂😂
yum yum
Arberi Hisenaj Vlora Hyseni
Carolina Mello
Sarà la prossima
Æ kommer æ å 😃
Casey Caldwell
Kati just watch this. That's all
Andrew Walsh
Nikki Kaufmann
this is #1 on the list then
Hannah Telloglou
Chocolate dump 🤡
ooooh yeah
Leonardo Viotti
Badihava se si ravania e vlores ska 😂😂
Megan McBroome
Veena Suresh I wanna make.
Jakob Schäfer 😍🙏🏼
Insallah 😂
Alejandra Triviño Castillo
Rania Al-oulabi
Christie Turk
Mina Khalid Ali
Sahar Idris Akkakheil
Sorry
Mubashra Ashar
Jina Kim
Karime Garate
Rafia Farooqi
Jamie Unbehagen-Phillips
Renan Carraro
OMG, I just watched this video and gained three pounds...and what's worse I am craving a piece of cake...NOW! I don't care what it is called. Thank goodness I have none of the ingredients in my house!!!
winter break here we come
Spencer Dixon
den bitte Simon ;)
Lisa moreeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!! 😍
Solo? Nix gegen meinigen
Net slow hai
Finché non lo provo...😉
Con tanta panna 💦💦💦
😂😂
Roselin Shifa why do I wanna make this
😍😍😍
Jaa unbedingt 😍😘
Anca Rimniceanu Lambrina Lolova another idea of what you can make me when you come
Yasmina Bouhafa Sla dit filmpje op kkom volgende week met je koken
Saroosh Saad
Ruaa ALnimy
This looks easy and good
Margaux Amara this would break our insides
Jony Nascimento
Jeness Chappelle
O ska me ta s ndrroj sen
If only there was occasion coming up to make this masterpiece 🤔😬
Jepp!
Qka asht puna e qesaj ravanie bre😂😂
Se ke kerku ti se din😂😂😂
Cuándo vengas lo hacemos 😉😙🌺
Oj Vlore nime perhajr lejaa kah do mem qu😂😂😂👄❤
Arbenita Hisenaj nPeeeeej😜😜😜
Aisling Patricia Hutchinson
golosoooo
Steve Miller
🐷 😜
Jij bakt, ik kijk toe. Deal!
Melanie Hughes please can we make this at christmassssssss 😋😋
6292616626161771 mal bitte☝️
Looks amazing  🎄
Crystal Chan
Elske Marije i can't even...
Who needs an occasion?  Ever hear, "Let them eat cake?"
Mitra Mostafavi
Is this name worse or is chocolate eruption still the winner Soo Moon
Remi Kloos deze?
Ariel Felix
😍😍
Omg
Malu Carneiro
Is goedddddddddddd
Want me to make it !
Woooaaahhh. Looks amazing. 

Yeahhh! Karley for the win 🏆🍫🍰
Malaika Handa
Heloise Drieux 🤤🤤
National cassowary day?
This one is def worse
La traduction et je te le fait 😁
Heloise Drieux prépares tes casseroles! 😝
Carlotta
😒
oooh i'll try to make it for next time :D
Te falta mucho pa venir culera
Nuria HL deberiamos hacer esteee😋😛😍
Messy measuring.
Max Lee Brian Lim Alexis Corcoran this week
Maxim Vanhenden 😘
oh ouiii :0
Can you make this for me Francesca Gaudio (Cheka)
Sofie Grann
😍
Sarah Santos Hannah Cortlandt Hawkins Andrew Fitzgerald
Lol duhhh
Marietta Mavrommati
Vamos
Debbie Angle
Christine Hermiz
DUMP!
Daibee Bose Tejass Vittaa
Jane Balfus
I might have to try this one too.
Ryan Tolbert Jackson
Svengo
Pedro aprende aí amor
Laura HF
This is a fantastic cake recipe.  My granddaughter and I have made it several times, I do not use their icing recipe, and pouring on the icing I do make while the cake is hot makes it incredible!!!  Stays fresh for a week!!!
Richard Olsen Ragna Vråberg Eide
Inés Roldán 😍😍😍😍
Rebecca Perhay
Quando proviamo a farla? 😄
Amy.
Amber Warren
Sam Fisher
Catherine You
quando?
Este fim de semana bora fazer um bolo!! Daniel Correia da Fonseca
😮
Austin Ryan Backus
Birthday request Robert Allen Stuart Sarah Ryner
porque?
Adam Herron this is the next chocolate cake!
Daniel Correia da Fonseca  diz só que sim ! Porque é bom!
Joniel Omaña los de Ellas no tienen nada que pedirle al NYT!!
Omg Nick Tan ...
That's the one! Yummy!
Chandini Gaur can we bake together some time?
Romin Pajouheshnia
😱😱😱😱😱😱 oh my. Necesito
"tastes as if it's straight from payard" Linnie Jiang
💪🏻
Chocolate cake that makes you take a big dump.
Jesús Bermúdez 🤗🤗🤗
reckon u can make this for friday?
Amna M Al Darkashli
Taís Guimarães
Well it's about time drunk mom baked me something
Quero Barbara de Souza!!!
A partir de amanhã estarei de Dieta
Make it for the Chus
It's not really a dump cake though
Invite me when she does pleasee!!
Jasmine Ke-Shawn
Callie Chapman Wilke
2 cups of sugar ....holy moly...no way
Brianna Marie
Jessica Owens for the cake and the comment below
Lauren Carlson
Ron LaSerra
Vanilla icing sounds great too!
Kylie Hui
Did you make it?!
Fine! I’ll eat it!
Natalie Hodges dude we are making this when we go home one hundo p
Amanda Cohen hay
Rashawn WileyTaylor is this that cake you were talking about?
Nope...I bought a cheesecake. 😂 But NEXT time...🎂🍰
Alice Yi why did they choose this name
the Bristol 4 cake.
Deceased.
Olga Cruz!
Wow!
looks like a lot of work
Anne Rachel you should try this one!
Moira
Rosely Asselta Rodrigues Lasas
Peux tu?
Who do u think u are ? Tu me simplifi?
Une question simple oui ou non?
Tu panic!
You'll mess it up!😂

Gina Galindo this looks amazing
Isabelle Belzil
Best kinda dump!
Lucienne Costa Pinto faz pra mim
Doooooo it
Aline Martins uma versão parecida com aquele maravilhoso...
Paige Mulcahy
Hint:  Instead of using flour to dust the pan, use cocoa powder.  It blends into the cake rather than leaving that flour residue on the cake after baking it.  No flour taste, just chocolate.
No but hell that look good too
I don't know why Facebook thought I should know you demanded your mother bake a cake, but I'm glad it did. Once it's not 85 degrees, I'll make it -- and I may even share some 😘
Reema Samra-Grewal
Daniela Mariño DANI!!!! 😏😏
Staci Mendelsohn
Some to me!
Sophie Emery
Solo cómprame los ingredientes

Natalie McNeil
devia ter um emoji babando...
Silva
Madhavi : I'm waiting for it 😋😍
Olivia Barker gfree tho!! With Blue Bell vanilla bean!!!
Haha, yes when you gonna come to Hoboken 😁
oh yeah, like the apple crisp?
Emilee Lamond remember??
unff now I'm hungry.
Rafael Souza
kind of a step up from the cup-cakes we used to make in uithof haha
Ethar Darwish
Valeria,u have to fix your bake
Rotem in case you were wondering, yes i filmed this masterpiece
Did you mean my oven? Yeah, I have to.
Shehzil Shah we r never gonna bake
Romin Pajouheshnia haha if I only had an oven
this is a just a boujie nyc tasty video
Sana Mahmood
Los míos son mejores jajaja
😲 Scott
Jennifer Kimmelman Burnstein
Josh
Sophie Wednesday Fearris
Volgende week na tentamens baii
Cheryl Mudaly
Kelly Milkent I need you
Abi
Rhea Mathur
Daniela
Gonçalo Santos podes ir treindo
*treinando
bake for me Azaliah
Limon Bunn Mary Noel 😚😚😚
Rekha Vaid make??
Treinar para quê? Eu acho que nem chegava a acabar a receita. Aquela tentação :3
Omg this weekend
Christopher Ecker 😲😲😲
Kavya Desai
Doug McGraw
Angha Naik😘😘😘
Penúltimo!!
😋
Jude Al Sharqawi
that could be my mom's next birthday's cake <3
Porfavor 🙌🏻🙌🏻
Vamo a hacerlo!
This looks amazing
Holy moly I want this!!!
Nothing beats mama Lamond's chocolate cake 🙌🏼
Hershey"s good
Ming Ol, no me jodas...
Ayesha Majid
Alison Coburn

Kaylan I can't
Low calories cake!!!
I can!!
Excuse me; I have to go make this.
Se ve súper bueno 🤤🤤
I will make it
Thanks for tagging. Will definitely try 👍🏻
Lindy Willson nah-uh
Hahaaa!! I haven't made that in so long😂..it was Shinkai's recipe..
Yes!!!
Pqp!! Vm faze????
Vamos!!!
gonna have a big "dump" after that ;) pun intended
OMG I hahahaha'd SO out loud
Haha...they were good in spite of the name :-). I feel like I ACTUALLY want to try and make this...it looks so good from the video!
Anastasia Maltseva
Charlotte
Jezaz! Yammy 😋😋😋
you hate it maddie?
Ohhhhhh
It's  pretentious and lacks the simple heart from the regular cooking videos
Paola Sánchez
Alessandra Gomes
Faz pra mim, Renatinho?
Quando vc vier aqui me visitar, pode cobrar que eu vou fazer, com certeza! Vem logo!
Irei em breve.
Flávia Mello
Mayanna, vamos fazer um? :B
Delaney Crouch waaaaait a sec maybe this one
Maanav Narula
AGORA SIM
Oh !!! It seems amazing ;-)
chocolate dump? hehehe
Mike
Erica Gwinn can we make this?????
Andrew Knabel
Gillian chocolate
Ramon Bernardino
one note: you have to bring the sour cream to room temperature before adding the melted chocolate.
"Use butter, flour, AND parchment paper" vei, alguém estava com muito medo do trem garrar
Se a gente fizer, o metal e o bolo vão se tornar um.
kkkkkkkkk
Felicidades al chef.
Jialin Wu make me one
Are you pregnant? Keep tagging me in these
Jialin Wu with your baby
Jialin Wu with your baby
Reed O'Connor
We gotta do this
sure do boo! read some of these other comments tho...specifically "Well....Let me tell ya story. Back in 1899 when this recipe was invented, a lot of bakers lived very lonely lives. When the freshly baked cake was dumped out of the pan, the bakers would put their penises inside the cake to test for moisture and warmth."
Lmaooooo WHAT
Paul Gilles
YA'LL WANT SUMMA MY DUMP CAKES?
Nico Lfvr !!
How delicious does this sound Zac!? Christopher, SJ SJ
Vinegar? In a cake?
Oh goodness even with the word dump, it looks tasty
Andrea Flores Amozurrutia need to do that for sure :)
Laura Duncan
Risa Glaser Grimaldi
Erika Michael baking soon? ☺️
All this did was make me hungry 😤
Coming for it  😛
Pleaseeeeeeee🙏🏼
Podemos hacerla como en un día normal de la vida de alguien normal?
Mai Bauitista
Que rico😍
Maybe he could design her a brain, class, and personality....?
The terrorist attack in London ! Six people were injured when spraying toxic substances in East London.
Melania tramp.
Eew.
LOL ouch!
Why are you doing an article on this person? Shame...
You do it so well.
So I assume he just copies what Michelle Obama's designer did then?
Liberals: Its wrong to bash women
Also liberals:
No, thanks.
His accent is utterly charming. No comment on the First Lady.
http://happy-foxie.com/so-you-still-support-trump-2/
Janym January He sounds very humble and I like his style
https://www.canadahelps.org/en/pages/graduate-studies-help/
Sure she outsources this too...no shock here. Nothing made in America is good enough for #45
Pure liberal hate.
great piece...thank you for just sticking to the art of it.  I can't begrudge an artist an opportunity.
So he must copy other designers then?
Just give her a g string and a pair of pasties..I mean,what more does a stripper need?
To be fair, all designers copy other artists but they iron out the flaws and make small improvements. This is evolution.
Hehe, he is French so it sounds nice. I feel his English is very good though and he is really a talented designer.
I understood Dan!! :-)
"that you work hard in life...that your vord ees your bond"

Miserable Melanija, hires a foreigner to dress her manly body 🤢
Lipstick on a pig.
Yes!
I don't understand how people can't separate politics from fashion or any art. I'm super liberal and hate Trump, yet I have no issues appreciating this designer and some of the clothes Melania wears. I find her quite elegant and this has not been present in the White House since Jackie Kennedy. Things happen like a train on social media. It's like everyone following the same train with no individuality or personal thinking whatsoever. I know I'll get sh-t here, but I don't follow trains, only my own consciousness.
She has a nice femenine figure, I think you are talking about Bruce Jenner dressed up like a woman.
I love the French accent, always have.
Designing for a racist brother, sure it's fine with him as long as he gets paid.
She's been seen in less.
Is he responsible for the fluorescent pink dog blanket she wore to the UN?
Hahaha!
Pure Troll Response.
I hope he gets paid in advance....
Crystal Means..Once you have heard Yorkshire, you will never go back to french...  knocks em bandy every time..
Not interested
So thats where all those horrendously FUGLY clothes come from!!
Ameni Ben Amor
Well you probably right, however, First Lady is fashionable but being a First Lady that's a serious position she should be doing more to help, we haven't seen any achievements from her so far.. how do you explain that?
Undermining this designer's talent just because he designs for Melania Trump means that you would dare to undermine Shostakovich for composing for the Soviet Union. Do you realize how nonsensical that is? Let's keep politics separate from art, please.
Just go to Vegas and observe what all the hookers there are wearing.
Saturday nites and the Pains is usually a good place to go.
No thanks.
I'm a lover of accents in general. Having lived all over the world and speaking a few languages myself, I can appreciate those whose first language is not English.
Note to self. Bye Herve.
NOT interested!! Show me something that matters if you want me to remain a subscriber!!
Coco Chanel happily and profitably collaborated with the Nazis. Glad this creep could keep up the proud tradition.
He has a beautiful eye for fashion and design. His front door?! Just gorgeous.
I don't know - Ivanka has been wearing some pretty gawdy looking outfits lately.
Why?
No thanks.
Can't say I care for his designs. When she doesn't look frumpy, her clothes look too juvenile. Just my opinion. Politics aside. I do like some of her casual outfits, though.
Did he design the hot pink mess she wore at the UN?  I certainly hope not.
Didn't care for the shocking pink number she wore talking about bullying...
Did you mean conscience?
Piss off who cares
Sarah Chun This is seriously beautiful
Gee, I think Michelle had some great designs! Melania usually looks good...
I love seeing the inside of his apartment. Great stuff.
this guy didn''t design that outfit.
Who the hells cares..... WAKE Wake Up America
I want to say, the personal is the political. It seems opportunistic to design for someone and get paid by someone who is not representing the needs of the middle class or the rights of the underserved. So his art is great... how far will he go to have a patron who is not respectable?
Hugo Boss designed for the SS so sure let's just shut up about politics and focus on the shiny shiny
Tell me he didn't design that inflatable hot neon pink pepto bismal dress monstrosity!?
Sooooo Michelle was not "elegant" enough for you? Sit down.
Did he specify anywhere that he believed in what Trump's administration believed in?
who cares.
Well she speaks five languages and by all accounts is a very sweet and smart woman.  As for class... perhaps you should try to show a little...
And the horrible make up?
She can barely string together an intelligible sentence in ONE language, so who are you kidding here? I was born at night, lady, just not last night.
🤢🤢🤢🤢
Super cool! Nazi's made clothing out of human skin as well in the death camps. Everyone has their calling...
Completely stupid statement...
I'll agree Milanias clothes look good, most of the time. So did Michelle Obama. But that U.N. monstrosity proto bismal inflatable dress? Come On! Ugliest dress EVER!
Does he design ensembles for her with easy access crotch areas so the Donald can easily grab her genitalia?????
Pete Harrison completely false and you know it. You're just a hater... sit down.
You can dress her up, but you still can't take her out.
First Lady ??? ... But She's Trump's 3rd Lady ... Ok I'm Confused !!!
Anthony James Stratis
Pete Harrison.....pathetic response. Bless your little heart.
Another classy response.  Bless your little heart.
As an artist, he should chose integrity over making a quick buck. Melania Trump along with her husband represent everything that's wrong with the United States.
Who cares...
Talk to Leni Riefenstahl.
I am sitting down, in a nice, comfy office chair. Also, what's more pathetic than my comment? You even getting uptight enough to comment on it derisively. Go do something better now. Dismissed.
Anastasia Kailis  Helene Kailis
Sara Alfaqeeh
I think Melania just buys expensive clothing -Jackie had style and so does Michelle.
She is by far the most sophisticated First Lady I've seen.  Perfectly dressed for every occasion.  Not sure if we are seeing the same person.
She could have offered hot air balloon rides in that thing.
Ali Satterwhite glad you like her style. I don't.
I wish he had discussed the challenges of designing for a person without a conscience or a discernible purpose. Which silhouette best complements a moral vacuum?
It must be difficult for a designer to pull inspiration from such a vacant individual.
Nobody gives a fuvk about this "artist" who is aiding and abetting this administration

Hunger games
This is an unfair comparison! Strippers have marketable skills!
Gotta love a craftsman.
So is he the one that designed that pink monstrosity she wore to the UN meeting. Hahahahahahaha.
Im designed for Melania
Not worth it, Herve, not worth it.
So The Devil doesn't wear Prada!
So he sold his soul to evil😡
I hope he get pay
I don't care for Trump but Herve inauguration dress was very nice and fitted Melania to a tee
phffffffffffffttt.
I really love this video. I dunno why so much of the focus of the title is on melania there is so much more happening
No
No one cares what Eva Braun wants.
his accent.... i love
maybe thats really all u need for ur big break, an exotic accent
Zat uuhh iz actuaelly egzatly whut I neeeed hoew deed you knoëw
and also a mole.
But certainly true of Chanel.
Shostakovich could compose for the state or not compose at all. This guy has options.
Lauren Anne Geiger no I didn't. Conscience is the sense of right and wrong, and in this case there is no right or wrong but personal preferences and leanings towards what others may see as right or wrong. I meant what I wrote, but because conscious is an adjective I should change it to consciousness. Conscious or consciousness means to be fully aware of or sensitive to something.
Well if the trump's can afford these designer clothes costing hundreds of thousands of dollars then where is their cancelled personal check for $1 million donation they promised to Hurricane victims? And why are they not paying their personal attorneys? Campaign donations from trump supporters are. Just asking.
It's a joy to see a man love his work so much.... Not a Trump fan, but the First Lady always looks lovely and is appropriately dressed.
Ugh! Why bother with this, NYTimes?
Sell out.
Do we care?
Edite, I agree....except I think Michelle Obama was alway chic and appropriately dressed.
No. Just no.
Javier A. Simbana I don't remember Michelle Obama doing much for the first 6-10 months either. I believe each woman in that position should be given time to flourish on their own. They either will or will not but I wouldn't judge her too soon. It looks like she's a lot more together than he is just by watching her.
Suzanne Murray
Nope!!!!!
Interesting!
We have much, much more important things to focus on
This is your example of elegance????
Not stupid
I'm sorry for him.
Amanda Lewis Louden I was expecting this comment and you didn't disappoint. I think elegance is innate. You either have it or you don't. I don't believe MO is very elegant. She wore some but just some good pieces in my book but that doesn't mean she's elegant. Michelle had a position that allowed her to display but elegance is something entirely different. Jackie Kennedy on the other hand had it, so does Melania.
Meanwhile Michelle Obama wore J Crew off the rack. Just sayin'.
Do not care for a lot of her clothes
I wonder if he designed the huge pink tent.
That's what I said. Totally.
Money talks, Edite.
Edite Haberman oh I get it now. Plastic surgery plus nude pics divided by being white equals elegance in your bizarre world. 😂 also pretty sure Jackie would slap your face for mentioning her in the same sentence with Melania.
Michelle Obama rocked J. Crew & designer clothing for eight years.  She's intelligent, accomplished, poised, professional, well-spoken, compassionate & fun loving and continues to be the perfect role model for girls & women around the world.  She's not a gold digger & never posed nude, so there's that too.
Jill Stein "elegant" enough for you? 🙄
Jane Morrison what does that have to do with being innately elegant? You're confusing the point. But then again, you either see the point or you don't.
You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear and you can't make a first lady out of a pornstar.
Amanda Lewis Louden what does plastic surgery and nude pics have to do with fashion or elegance for that matter? I wouldn't be quick to judge other's worlds when you have no idea what they are. But like I posted you either see it (elegance) or you don't. Again that was part of my point in my original post, the fact that people can't separate politics from fashion. And you're not any different.
The irony is does our maniac baby #45 realize that he is surrounded (literally) by immigrants including the one he calls his current and former wives? I can't stand #45 and his mail order bride but can't and won't blame this designer for sticking to his job.. after all he is an artist and an immigrant. Now Melanie lovers, I'm waiting for your cry with "but he stole our jobs"? Bring it on and make my day pleaseeeeee 😫
Who cares
Just hope your work permit is up-to-date.
Amanda Lewis Louden actually Jill Stein in her mature age and usually wearing the same stuff, exudes an elegance that most women politicians don't have. But we were talking about First Ladies, remember?
He designed for her as well. And other First Ladies, but not under his own name. Watch and read what's written in the story.
Lol I liked your comment till you said Jackie. Can't help but to think of a race issue because Michelle Obama is one of the highest educated and definitely fashionable than the most former First Ladies.
it's okay... after this, no one will want to work with him...
Melania and Caitlin Jenner look exactly alike.
I do not give one iota about her designer.  I do not care about her clothes or shoes. I care about her politics.
Conscience* dipshit

She always looks the same.
Laura Melillo I can see you have none (conscience). But here's a copy of what I replied to someone else: Conscience is the sense of right and wrong, and in this case there is no right or wrong but personal preferences and leanings towards what others may see as right or wrong. I meant what I wrote, but because conscious is an adjective I should change it to consciousness. Conscious or consciousness means to be fully aware of or sensitive to something.
Clearly he didn’t design any of those for you.
'elegant' is a matter of opinion, it looks like.  I don't see it in Melania at all.
Who cares?
Anu Erdenebileg my post was about not being able to separate politics from fashion. Who I think is elegant or not has nothing to do with politics,  or race, but you wouldn't understand it. You see things from a different filter. Race has no bearings in my opinion here.
He needs to be on Project Runway...
I like the way she dresses.  Very classy.
He's a terrible designer. He'd be off of Project Runway by the first week.
Great comment
Pretty sure Marie antoinette's designer was French too
Coco Chanel had an affair!! She wasn't working for the Nazis.
Did you see that ridiculous Pink Dress she had on?
Yup, a lot of folk said that about the Nazis favourite artists too.
Nice article.
He's not writting propaganda..he's designing gowns! 🙄
http://happy-foxie.com/can-you-spot-the-difference/
There's a word for this, collaborator.
Kim Norris how so? It is completely accurate.
You can put a designer dress on a pig, doesn't change the fact that it is still a pig.
Not true Michelle was not a classy lady her clothes l would not wear
Edite Haberman yeah sure it doesn't. "Edite"
The designer for our very own Eva Braun.
Julie Gittens every ones not a winner....but most of the time she looks lovely.
So..he's a creep because he's a fashion designer who got an opportunity to design clothes...not write speeches...just design clothes for the First Lady? That's a huge opportunity no matter who is in the position. I personally don't like someone on his list of past clients...and I'm not a fan of Melania either but this is a story about fashion. About this man and the cool opportunities he has been given and how he can separate politics from the situation and not completely hate a person for disagreeing with them...which is something that it seems like lots of people need to think about these days
I personally just love attire she wore while hosting kids in WH garden. Nothing like digging dirt in 400$ jeans and wiping forehead sweat on expensive plaid shirt. #goals
Au contraire mon soeur. She was a Nazi agent, confirmed by Vichy and Nazi documents.
Marcin Kupidura u got that right.
Cough.... racist .... Cough cough
I would think being associated with this administration would HURT his prospects.
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2011/09/04/books/review/sleeping-with-the-enemy-coco-chanels-secret-war-by-hal-vaughan-book-review.html?referer=
Well said 👏👏
Robin Park he condoned it when he took their money, designed clothes & associates his name with them.
Franny Drayton You put your money where your mouth is. He's part of creating Trump's image, and Trump represents hate. I like a lot of art, music, etc created by awful human beings. I can separate the work from the person. I don't know enough about fashion to say if his work is any good but as a person, he's a creep.
Edite Haberman 
Apparently you think posing nude makes one elegant.... to me it's trashy
The Trumps, divorce, single parenting, welfare, social justice crap, the Obamas, this weird mix of socialism and capitalism we have going on when we really need pure capitalism, a screwed up generation thinking things that are not okay are, social media obsession, weird obsession with Hollywood, hollywood not having intellectual diversity, college campuses wanting to BAND and PUNISH intellectual diversity, letting people be unhealthy or do unhealthy things and propping it up as good to push an agenda, LACK OF PRIDE AND PATRIOTISM, and probably more that I can't think of right now also represent everything wrong with this great country at the moment.
Fuchsia P. Llewkcots so much ignorance.
I guess any clothing on this woman is an improvement.
Oh who the hell cares
Carrie Ann Navoy I haven't seen Melania posing nude since she's First Lady. But that's not what my post is about. It is in fact about not being able to separate politics from fashion. And here's an example.
Archie Gonzales , guess the time is here for your name to get known 🙂
Omfg...
Herve Pierre the Inaugural Ball gown was lovely, and some of your other dresses were, too, in my opinion. But for the largest part, bombs.
NOT THE FIRST LADY.... SHE IS THE THIRD ESCORT GOLD DIGGER OF THE ORANGE TRAITOR FOR USA
Kim Norris It is not classy to demonize the standing president accusing him of not being born in this country especially when she worked in this country illegally and should have not been allowed to become a citizen. https://youtu.be/sSTx1ZODEcQ
https://youtu.be/sSTx1ZODEcQ
If you study the fashiom history, you would know it is not possible. Plus, learn some stories about Coco Chanel after WWII
Jason Snyder He actually isn't creating Trump's image - he IS designing CLOTHES FOR TRUMP'S wife!!!
Tracy Boone Her clothes are part of his image, just as Jackie's were part of JFKs.
Tsubasa KinLing Leung what's not possible. I'm aware of some of Coco Chanel's history. What's your point?
She has some beautiful clothes, but Herve Pierre, please no more blowsy bubble creations for her.  They make her look like a strong gust of wind could pick her up and blow her away!
Is it made in America???
Look who's talking?
Is thIs the guy who designed or chose that crazy pink dress she wore when speaking at the UN?
Bizarre
Mary Demirtchian
You sure you're talking about Melania and not her husband?
She does dress elegantly, JUST like JK.  Michelle was elegant and current but gashion is irrelevant to the quality of a First Lady.  She has cost 6 months at $500,000/ day for security on tax payers, picked cyber bullying is her focus (a clear fail so far), and she posed as a nude model in earlier years.  I do not see how materialistic is an example of leadership or elegance.
Melania was a fashion model. She certainly wears clothes well... Although, I actually haven't been overly impressed with her "look" since she has been first lady. Now... Fashion is art and that is totally subjective...I admit this. 
I think "elegance" is a completely different thing. That is an internal reflection of your inner grace and character, manners and stylishness. I think Melania doesn't quite meet my criteria of excellence. I think she wears clothes well, but lacks confidence that's based on empathy. I guess to me she seems... Sad and a little damaged. Just my opinion.
Well, I'm not seeing any elegance from you, Edite. I'm just going to consider the source and say pffffffft.
Don't forget she was a gold digger, who married a rich old man, so let us see, a pole dancer, soft porn actress, nude model, gold digger? Wow that is just the example of class, and grace i want to instill in my daughters. I would have more respect for her if she still did soft porn, and nude pics. At least she was being honest.
OMG the pink curtains <3
I still think he shouldn’t work for her. I understand every artist’s wish for a unique opportunity like that, I really do. However, there is something more important than an opportunity. It is the message you send by grabbing it. About who you are, what your price is, the ideals you stand for. It shouldn’t be the wrong ones. They are part of an artist’s legacy as well, you know...
Edite Haberman You 'haven't seen her posing nude since she's been the First Lady'??  She just became first 'lady' - give her time! 😂
Kiley Blackman I just hope it is not in the kremlin
Lindsay - interesting watch
Nobody is bashing Melania because she is a woman. They are bashing her for enabling the amoral idiot in the White House.
I have nothing against Melania but this article proves just how much of an empty dress she is.
Yeah, I never appreciated that sugar-daddy loving porn star look for our flotus' either 🤪
He's adorable. I'm happy for him.
Anna Russo I feel sorry for a lot of the people here
We all sell our souls in a Faustian Bargain for fame and fortune.
Ali Satterwhite Clearly not.  The outfit she wore to the UN was hideous.  She is no more sophisticated than any other First Lady.  Even in expensive clothes she doesn't look classy somehow.  Agree with OP about her casual outfits though.
Who cares....
All the NYT articles on my feed for the past few weeks are about obnoxious rich people.
How can you design for a woman that posed naked for men's magazines?
Is he the one responsible for the bright pink puffy balloon thing she was wearing while giving a speech?? That thing was UGLY! And it made it look like her head was tiny.
Helene Kailis
Edite Haberman 
You know what was elegant about Jackie O?  She had knowledge of history , art,  spoke many languages and was highly educated.   

And she also didn't go around sporting a FLOTUS hat that you can buy online to fill her pockets. 

Imagine any other First Lady posing nude to make money?
What politics?
You can if you have enough money.
Millie Spataro I suppose the world seeing Melania's shaven crotch is classy.
Is she the only Customer ?
Carrie Ann Navoy actually Jackie O. also married for money when she married Onassis. And yes, she was cultured.
With all that is happening....  Who cares?????
Thumbs down 👎🏾 don’t care
If only.....
Edite Haberman she married to get away from the American society who killed her husband... and she wanted to raise her kids in private.  She also had a real job as an editor after her husband was murdered.  Keep trying to compare them. 

Trump is Camelot right?
He has 2 interns working for him lol
Make sure they pay you in cash buddy.
I DONT CARE
Eliza Durzynska Mariola Krawiec
That would be nice.
Like anyone remembers what she wore.
WHO CARES??!!
Cool. Hugo Boss made SS uniforms.
Shame on you Hervé Pierre! You need to be boycotted!
Don't you just love those smart vintage Hugo Boss SS uniforms!?
Alex Coffield !!!!
Perhaps this designer doesn't share your opinion of the Trumps. He should be able to work for whomever he pleases without answering to you.
Tee.
I would think no one cares what you think!
We should crowd fund a guillotine lol
Yesss!
I think he only grabs women he's not married to....
Twanna Bivins, any idea who did? She looked like the strawberry version of the Stay-Puft Marshmallow man.
She's a birther.
I only pay attention to designers who WON'T work for Melania. She needs to be deported, and she has incredibly tacky clothing. Also lied about having a degree. Sad.
he is dressing a nazi
u need meds

I'm glad she has taken to wearing clothing as 1st Lady.
Marie-Emmanuelle Porlier It was a joke not an assertion. Chill.
Millie Spataro Class comes from actions and words, not clothes. 

Explain how Michelle Obama was not classy, if you would please?

Hard pass.
Carrie Ann Navoy yes all of that, AND she didn't want to worry ever about money. Or you don't see that? And who's comparing?
Scott Barrett for somebody who thinks that silence equals death, that will need meds!
He certainly has had a wonderful opportunity to design for a lady with elegant taste.
Wafa
😂👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾😂
some of the comments here are unbelievable!  Are Americans on the whole so mean? This is a talented man who can make his name as a fashion designer in your country.
Julie Gittens she was a known Nazi collaborator  😒 and supported the Vichy regime. 

Its not just the affair you saw in the Audrey Tatou movie.
Michele was elegant. Or are you describing just the white women?
    Elegance and colluding with fascism, don't go together for me. Like her husband, she just seems like trash with money.
Can he design class?
I hope he didn't need to get paid.
Interesting... good for him
Millie Spataro His customers are first ladies.  High end.  Yet you think one first lady is ok and another is not classy?
Dolma Beck here we go again.  No, I don't think Michelle was elegant. She had a platform that allowed her to display herself with some good pieces of clothes, but that is not enough to make anybody elegant. Does that have  anything to do with race? Of course not! Respect others' opinions and don't entangle them with your own prejudices. My post was exactly about the fact that most can't separate politics from fashion. You're a perfect example. Live and let live.
Well said!
Beauty is growing from inside, not outside! Have you read poem before? Try to appreciate the beauty through the quality of the person, not just a style or dress!
Thomas Ryan
It sounded like he also acts as stylist, and helps her pick out clothing by other designers, as well as designing for her?
Yes, indeed , agree . I hate Trump sooo much , cant express how much- but Melania has taste and style for fashion.( exept her  pink parachute pink dress ) and beautiful body. I am saying this , not bcs I am Slovene , but bcs its truth!
No.....nonono....not interesting...
Never heard of him
Yeah, never heard of him, everyone around me works in fashion, in the capital of fashion too, he's French, yet, I'm very certain none of them know this guy exists. So, his name being talked about by everyone!? Honey, no!
Elias Tsavoussis
Probably the reason why it was so last min was because all the other famous designers didn't want to make a dress for her so he was the last resort.
This poor man needed the money. His whole speech is defensive. Had he not needed  the money, he nearly alludes that he would never have done it.
Your First Lady (and I use that term very loosely), is here in Canada right now.   Yuck!

What a sad piece of propoganda... fashion isnt class...Mrs Obama can wear something from KMart and look elegant; Mrs Trump V3 can have designer outfits and look like someone who married a very cruel man for money. Of course sge is not but sge would look similar to what one might imagine when thinking of a gild digger.
Since Jackie Kennedy?!?! lmao!!!! 😂😂😂😂 More fail than fashion!!!!


That would be even more of a tragedy.
David Kerry Beswick I don't agree. When MO wears something from Kmart or J Crew, she looks like someone who wears something from Kmart or J Crew. Yes, fashion isn't class, but we're discussing fashion. I'm not in the mood to start discussing who has class and who doesn't, that's also very relative but it's not the topic here.
I didn't know she had started wearing clothes . ( LADY😂😂😂)
His apartment is fantastique!
Rita Val - guarda che casa.. caminetto e porta sono decorati con il cartone 😱😍
Juana Calderon Vela.
Fascinating
Trump is concerned with protecting national sovereignty.   That means having lots of Legal immigrants while keeping illegal aliens out
He is a delightful person, and his job is being a designer. He does not make policy. I can separate.
Who cares?  I'd rather you interview her English tutor.
Quentin Geczy
Well Hugo Boss designed the Nazi uniforms!!!
Did he make that horrendous pink puffy blouse she wore last week? 😣
I couldn't care less for Melania, she does nothing for the nation. Also, her price tag sticks out clearly.
Mallory Adams
Nay Constantine pr un peu de legerete et beaute dans ta journee davocat
Great artist.
well said
Zzzzzzz
Casey Wolfe Walk interesting piece on fashion!
Let them eat cake.
They must pay him a lot of money because I can't see too many other people ready to do it
Edite Haberman you can slap a designer outfit on a pig doesn't change the fact that it is a pig.   That being said your taste in fashion and elegance sucks the big one.    Of course that is my opinion.
There goes his business.
Mike Romano you have a French twin!!
Maybe he could design her a husband who isn't a racist.
Gabriëlla Candice Esser
Kim Norris There is very little evidence that she has anything other than a rudimentary grasp of five languages. IOW, she, like her husband, lies a lot.

http://americablog.com/2017/08/melania-trump-really-fluent-french-italian.html
Poor guy
So much bigotry from the liberal left. He's a designer, people, not a politician nor a humanitarian worker. And to him, she's a client. I really don't understand why you need to turn everything into nonsense in order to defend your own agendas, can't find a more clever way, eh?
Kathleen McGuire Pettineo Betty Ardaya McGuire Philip McGuire check out 1:26 or so.
I agree with you Edite Haberman regarding separating fashion from politics.
But I think he has more hair and not enough gray in his beard!
Jean Mazgaj Bjorn Melania was a center fold pin up model who lied about a college degree and stole someone else's speech no comparison to any other first lady ever... Let alone a two degree Ivy league graduate like Michelle Obama or Jackie Kennedy. I'm appalled that people even compare her to Jackie O it's an insult to Jackie O.
C
Is he the guy who designs those poofy sleeve dresses she wears? Make those sleeves as poofy as possible please!!
Nice
Guess you missed it. The Trumps million dollar donation to Hurricane Harvey victims has been made and verified by the recipients. Don't know about attorney fees, have to wait for facts. http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/350999-trump-makes-good-on-pledge-to-donate-to-harvey-relief
Erica Ching

Colleen interesting
Impossible, as the designer says, to "separate the political whatever" from these unprecedented times. The only people who can do that are people who are certain they will not be touched.
Madison Hall

Migdalia Serrano-Smith  I can't find my comment, but know I am confused by many comments.  Someone talked about Michelle Obama slouching.  I googled and found no pictures to support that.  A friend of ours said Mrs. Obama wore burlap.   I never saw that either.  People protect themselves with thinking errors.  They cannot accept that we had a strong independent women for a first lady that made her way intellectually and morally.
She is one elegant lady and her clothes are so beautiful!
Screw anyone that profits by helping this mad despot and his minions.
Alyssa Abbate
Erin Mahone
Cybill Eileen
This debate is ok to have, but certainly not relevant to a First Lady's legacy.
Each of our modern First Ladies have had their own style and what they were comfortable wearing.
Some were attractive, some not.  In the end, what was their legacy...Jackie transformed the WH with renovation, and elevating the arts.  The Bushes, Barabara and Laura pushed for literacy, Lady Bird, beautification of public places, Nancy Reagan...just say no, Betty Ford..breast cancer awareness..Hillary, health care, Michelle healthy eating/living and elevating girl's self esteem and who can forget Eleanor Roosevelt...most influential of any modern FL. Her causes too numerous to mention.
Melania may be model perfect in designer clothes, but let's wait to see where her platform of cyber bullying lands and what she does to make it an effective one.
Ellie Behr
Coco and the Nazis
It is always nice to see new designers to get fame in fashion industry.
Libby Schaub Dwyer
Darren. His apartment! Love the art on the walls and the fireplace made out of cardboard -not that anyone would have known!
Escort chic - a new genre.
The hot pink outit was a definite mistake:  made her look sallow.
Oana Nicola Udrescu
Can he explain the hot-air balloon she was wearing the other day at UN
And this designer must have been connected to it...
Kira Clark
Colin McDonough
Fiona Tomlin
He should have saved himself some time and sent a trash bag.
You can put trash in a designer bag and it’ll still be trash.
I Love this guy, great attitude and passion for what he does.  It's so ironic to see the comments of all of these liberals saying how he shouldn't design for the first lady because of their political BS, then you all are the neo Nazis  not Trump.  We live in a democracy and if this guy wants to design for whoever he wants to, it's his choice that's why we're in the U.S. we have freedom!!   Americans don't like your BS you're pulling because you didn't get your way, grow up!!  If you keep this up he will be re-elected in 2020!!
I would say she looks good, not lovely. Nothing to love about her. People might feel sorry for that woman, but since I saw her having the gall to question Obama's citizenship while she herself was an illegal immigrant, I can't even pity her for ending up with that mental husband of her.
Lara Mattei

Lilya Hansen
Next time on In the Studio: Hugo Boss!
Christian Garza check this out bro!!
Annie Quarrell
Nah
Fashion is politics bc it alters the image of a person
Wonder if he designed that Pepto-Bismol pink horror she wore to the UN???
The shirt was 1000$!!!!!!!!!!
Couldn't care less
Actually 1380$ to be exact. Dollar up or down, who cares! Smh
Art is the medium through which we communicate our worldview and our message. It can never be separated from politics because politics is your worldview,  your actions, and their effects on the world.
So you are saying illegal immigrants are threatening our nation's sovereignty? And having a lots of legal immigrants (where are they?) will assure this so called compromised sovereignty while he is trying hard to implement policies to keep out any immigration at all and supporting white only movements? You need to try harder to convince me. Coming from a hard working immigrant who sacrificed so much to be an American. You and your president insults everything we dedicated to this country and making us question our decisions.
Like 45 keeps the politics out of football.
No matter who he designs for...his creativity and passion for his fashion designs is evident and inspiring. LOVE his apartment/design studio!!!
Michael Blumenauer Favor LMAO they REALLY should include some of the First Porn Star's earlier works in these articles - maybe along with tDump's purchase order for her 🤣
Not interested
Ed Chng
Edite Haberman can I just ask why you don't think Michelle is elegant? Curious...
Tellement inspiré par ce qu'il propose au monde sans se prendre au serieux une seule seconde. Admirable. Sa manière d'être me rappelle Fabrice Luccini.
Síne Creamer - I thought of you when I saw this. Very interesting.
A wonderful video of a brilliant artist!
No thanks.
Edouard Lapointe ;)
A great designer is nonpartisan. Bravo!
Marialejandra Reyes Hernández
Next up... What it was like to design dresses for Eva Braun and what was Stalin's fav casserole...
He won't get paid lol
No thanks.
Amanda Lewis Louden exactly. We  all (on our end here) thought Michelle's style was exquisite. Not sure what these people are talking about "not existent  in WH since Jackie". Get real people or perhaps learn elegance and speak its language.
Edite Haberman right. We are all impressed by your thoughts.
Kim Norris speaks 5 Languages and you know that. Thanks for the enlightenment. We don't care.
Since Jackie Kennedy? Are you serious? Nancy Reagan and Michelle Obama were some of the most elegant ones. But that's my opinion ofcourse.
What a waste of his time and talent ...
She says it's not a race thing but gives no reason why Michelle wouldn't be considered elegant in her eyes.
we need more people like you, anu, to enrich the discourse!
Not interested
Olivia Lowry it was obvious that you were looking for blood with your charged question but I took the time to answer it any way and I did that clearly and plentifully. So since you didn't get the ammunition you were looking for, you're starting it yourself. Thats pathetic and expected. Are you happy?
Who cares!
Clothes have been elegant, beautiful and so stylish. Congratulations to you, on a job well done!  I think Melania looks stunning in every venue.  I'm a very big fan!
No thank you.
Edite Haberman You have to be kidding! Melanie is a model by profession. (Lots of models have their own style-not her). They dress her. Michelle has her own style. Granted I didn't always like what she wore but she didn't copy. Melanie copied Jackie O give me a break!
Kim Norris Really! She barely has any college education. Why haven't we heard of her use of language skills? Won't touch class with a ten foot pole-her resume speaks for itself.
Ali Satterwhite seriously?? Check her background. Phony is putting in nicely!
Hope he is getting paid
Helen Crawford first its Melania, not Melanie. Second we all know she's a model. Yet there are models who are not very elegant outside of the runway. And even when they dress them, they either have an innate elegance or they don't. And if you read my answer to someone else as to why I think she has style and other First Ladies like Michelle Obama don't, that's what I think. I'm also a designer so my opinion is not emotional or politically biased. It's outstanding how people get hang up on the Obamas. My post was not about them but about the article in the NYT about Hervé Pierre. And that's that!
Bump
Jackie Kennedy wore outrageously expensive French couture; after being criticized for that, she started buying clothing by Oleg Cassini....
Michelle Obama also wore expensive couture. All "First Ladies" do.....except Mrs. Carter! Geez.
Harshada Kunjir
I did enjoy that Tess Harwood😊
Why mostly male designers are guys ... a serious question need serious answers... 🤔
why?
Kate Wagner Catherine Chen behold, fabulous frens
Tjaša Zadrgal how cool
Hmmm...selling his soul to the devil?
Classy
Fashion can not be totally uncoupled from politics, on many levels. Where we put out attention and what our priorities are, for two. Just take the movements against fur a few decades ago.
Daniel Carr I get what you're saying, and it makes sense in your example of the movements against fur because that includes the abuse and killing of innocent animals. But fashion in the case I was making is pure style and design. There are no political consequences. You could say that perhaps the amount of money they spend is political. I don't know if Melania's clothes are paid for by her and Trump or by us, but they all spent our money. From Michelle Obama and her constant vacations and outlandish excursions and wardrobes, to Jackie Kennedy redecorating and revamping the White House and each of them had their way of spending our money. So I hope people here will not start now nickel-ing and dime-ing with those comparisons. Yes, I know about the D&G flower coat that Melania wore in Europe that sells for 10k. I wish I could afford that amazing piece.
rude much?

Yes.. he is a great designer.
Eitan Broude
He's a hypocrite!
Gabby Beatham
Maybe a series Emma Baty
Who cares!
This apartment omg
That’s alot of liberal tears
🌳#चमत्कार_को_नमस्कार🌳
🌳(((मेरा काम ही मेरी साधना है)))🌳
🌳(((जय श्री श्याम ज्योतिष केंद्र)))🌳
+919521453678 #कॉल_करो_समाधान_पाओ_एक फोन, बदल सकता है आपकी ज़िन्दगी ,जैसे बनते हुए काम मे रुकाबट आना,लव प्रॉब्लम जॉब प्रॉब्लम,
  +91-9521453678) #Astrologer_get_your_love_back, {+91-9521453678} Vashikaran, love marriage, love All problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem
#solution_with_100% guarantee chat whatsapp +91-9521453678
"..the Monarchical, the Aristocratic, and the Democratic...The three good ones are those which we have just named; the three bad ones result from the degradation of the other three, and each of them resembles its corresponding original, so that the transition from the one to the other is very easy" (The Prince, Machiavelli, p111)

Communism should be considered as an added state because it would establish equality, stability, and while it should also be considered for all levels of society, it will help the lowest level the most to survive and eventually thrive.

Political systems need to be free flowing, constantly moving or not staying still for prolonged periods of time in order for corruption to not exist and for inevitable means of profit to arise.

"Thus sagacious legislators, knowing the vices of each of these systems of government by themselves, have chosen one that should partake of all of them, judging that to be the most stable and solid. In fact, when there is COMBINED under the same constitution a prince, a nobility, and power of the people, then these three powers will watch and keep each other reciprocally in check" (The Prince, Machiavelli, p 115)
What are you trying to communicate? I like Machiavelli as well but learning must be applied and comprehended not just repeating empty sentences.
Noah Landis
Keith Webster
If you can not figure out what I am trying to say, I am so sorry.  Thank you for attempting to understand though, it is more than most people
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0756MXPXF
Jordan Czerwiec, are you in on this?
Nicole Ro!
Christiano Santiago
Felix Miranda
All I could see was that we need communism at all levels of society. 

Communism has been tried and created suffering. Capitalism has been tried and created suffering. What's needed is a blend of each.
Nick Silk
Angela DeSantis Keck Donna Marville Cackowski
Reminds me of the Joshua Tree Project.  Amazing.
Exactly what I am saying!! Thank you!! I wish for Communism to be free flowing.. Think of the possibilities for Monarchy, and Democracy and Communism..
I wish
Jeremey Burke
Let's interfere with man's interference
Shamoil
Emily Kolodka
this is the most important tag i've ever seen
Mikey Macgyver
Yay for science!!!
Rikka
just love this video <3
Turning oceans into gm ware now. Fake oceans
Tracy, very pretty, very misinformed. America under capitalism has thrived like no other nation has in the history of mankind. In contrast communism has never been successful in any country. Utopia is a nice concept, but the underlying flaw is there has to be an a ruling class that has only the people's best interest at heart and this will never work as power corrupts. Read Ameritopia.
Alistair Poore
I wish they would stop saying how anything will be in 2050.  They don't have a clue how it will be in five years, let alone 30.
Annie Huebner have you seen this??
Mick Hammock
Elly Gay Phoebe Ferguson check it also <3
*a lot.
I think a better bet would be to try to breed more adaptable coral polyps--because there may well come a time when the new breeds will have to face still other conditions--and if all of them are exclusively heat and acid resistant, the whole process will have to be undergone again.

Perhaps reserves for other breeds in cooled, acid-free pools, against future need?
This is cool Fernando Gonzales
Super interessant und so passend ;)
Jo Roberts
Megan I'm guessing you've heard about this already, but wow!
Rachy Levin
Heat is one factor affecting coral but so is the acidity of our oceans.  Are they breeding corals that are acid tolerant too?
love it whaen a great country cares about our mother earth, wish frump thought the same
How on earth do you breed coral????
I've read of a similar project by a different group but I didn't know about these researchers specifically. Thanks for sharing, Super cool!  🙂
I love this! Protecting the coral reefs is really important
Patricia Santos
BS...preserve the environment as it is.
My PhD supervisor leads this project actually 👌🏻
dang this is actually pretty wild
http://i.imgur.com/ZYE0kme.gif
I'm glad somebody's doing something because our Australian government is doing bugger all.
Giselle Firme
Dana Italiano
Hayley Morris
He can always go back to Libya.
✔✔Arkadaşlar yardıma ihtiyacı olan öğrenci arkadaşlarımız, borcu olan memur arkadaşlarımız yedisinden yetmişine paraya ihtiyacı olan herkesin bana ulaşmasını temenni ediyorum, elimden geldiğince iddaa yöntemi ile hem ben kazanıyorum hem sizler kazanıyorsunuz takip etmekten bir şey kaybetmezsiniz dostlar, iyi günler✔✔
Stfu
He is more of a gentleman than that woman is a lady and she should be very grateful that he didn't crack her one in the mouth in self defense.
Peter Paul he’s right, you know
Right wing Rich country only want your resources. the rest is no.
Jimena Fernandez Fanjul
Yes. Please STFU. And while you're at it, please use your apparently overabundant spare time too be something for someone instead of spewing hatred from a fake facebook profile. At least, do it under your own name, you spineless whimp.
earth is belong to everybody and everyone to live.
If the west doesn't want refugees, the west should stop destabilizing their countries. Simple as that.
Very difficult for those who want to integrate and be left alone to live in peace because of the actions of those who do not. https://pamelageller.com/2016/05/interactive-map-of-muslim-migrant-crime-in-germany.html/
This is not what I experience around me. In the eastern part it might be different. You cannot assume that this is all over Germany
*Wimp.
1 789 000 since 2008 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_migrant_crisis#Statistics
keep Europe pure !!
So true!
Be glad you're not in the US😂😂... People way crazier over here I promise!
This was in Saxony...Sachsen...i am not really sure what's wrong with (some)of the Germans there. In Hamburg it's NOT like this.
Agreed, long live Islamic dictators who will keep their people under their boot!
People like you get on my nerves. Just because you haven’t seen it doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist. Anytime someone tells their truth, someone like you has to come in trying act like it’s a one off occurrence . It happens all the time in Germany. It’s talked about a lot and that’s why they felt the need to do a documentary in the first place.
Tamara Brown
Does anyone else find it ironic that this is a story about a man with no home who's name is Abode?
😂😂😂😂😂
2 million?  it's a disaster.
And the hate of Trump?? His walls?' Germany? Clean your mouth USA!
😒
Hopefully he will go back soon
Schwein-Hunde Nazis Arschölen
The earth does belong to everyone, that’s why you weren’t born on a boat. The resources of a country that took hard work and sacrifice to achieve does not belong to everybody, which is also what you are asking for.
Disgusting and disappointing that people can be this hateful. Apparently the world still hasn't learned from all the devastation of the 20th and 21st centuries.
Thankfully I won't be alive to see the downfall of Europe.
Huge mistake to bring in so many refugees.
2.000.000 ??? Why do u even lie about numbers? Is it for showing the case more dramatic?  It's not even close to million.
James Whittle yes...because that was the reason the West destabilized so many countries. Out of good soul and humanity. Not oil. No.
Love it when I see a misogynist woman on a feed. You hateful woman.
Ale Rivera 😱
Lukas Behr übel gut
What s the West?
Jessi Haddad
Abode ran from a government NATO helped install. What did Hillary say? "We came, we saw, he died. Hahaha."
wouldn't it be better for them to seek asylum in Saudi Arabia, Qatar or Kuweit?
Two million! In two years is not reasonable immigration. How are the Germans to be prepared for such a mass number of people without a vote or referendum for it.
Leila Dowlatshahi how is that misogynist?
Do you live here? If not how do you come to this conclusion?
No.
Itan André Valencia checate esto esta bien cabron
Any coincidence that stuff like this started happening?

https://youtu.be/ExOT4Mo7fs4
Molly McLaughlin
Nigel .. you r giving him an option to stay with how is being treated by a “ civilized society “ or can go back?
Tini Heudorfer Kuhn do YOU live in Saxony? Better yet, you’re not black nor a refugee? So how would you experience it in the first place? Do you even personally know any black people at all? 

All you have to do is research the way black people in Germany feel about the country and what they experience on a daily basis. 

This documentary was showing the truth. Stop trying to downplay it and act like it doesn’t exist.
Because you don't have to live in Germany to understand that this happens everywhere. White people in America say hate crimes don't exist because they don't experience them. Just because you don't experience it or see it doesn't mean it's not happening.
2 million? Total disaster.
Wash your mouth
Tini Heudorfer Kuhn not to mention, me living there has nothing to do with the situation. He told his truth and you’re trying to downplay it. Nice try but nope, we’re not gonna deflect from the situation at hand.
You got your numbers wrong. It wasn't even a million refugees. I'm sorry how he gets treated here.
Collapse of Europe.
She's not saying it's not happening. She's saying that there are lots of different, in fact positive examples. Same holds true for my experiences as well. So don't judge that way. No one is playing anything down over here. We are well aware of problems like that and the vast majority is working on making them vanish
This is exactly why education needs to be accessible. This young man is in the prime of his life and yet has no future, no direction, nothing to give him hope. He was engaged with the theater troupe, but what else? what else can he do in his day to day? As a teen were i to live at a refugee shelter with no hope or way out I'd be frustrated, angry and depressed. 

The question of refugees is how to we help integrate them and help them develop skills to become productive members of society?
I don't think they were trying to downplay it but sure go ahead
I will tell you why Europeans are tired of refugees... 1. they welcomed them but then realized they don’t have the resources to sustain “the invasion” that it has truly become. 2. The “refugees” brought a culture that does not jibe with the west.. women are seen as objects, rapes have doubled ( look at Italy and Sweden) and Europeans are not used to having to deal with this 3. They have brought a different religion ( Islam) that has started a culture war. Europeans are tired of having to adjust their lifestyle to a “guest”s demand that Europe change its way of life to match Islam’s demands. 4. Many Refugees say they want and seek freedom, but really they just want to bring their old way of life to a new country. 
So, there you go. If you can’t assimilate, if you continue to want to be separate, do you really think you will be accepted with open arms?
My country, Italy has been changed drastically after the invasion of millions of refugees. And not in a positive manner. It is not sustainable growth.
We just can. Believe me. This will not bring anything down here.
Wow, and there I thought that Germany was an overall progressive country.
For those that think Shakespeare is for elites... Thank you Abode! You really know how to embody and feature humanistic ideas.
Auw very painful
So can I say in a nutshell, US does all these interventions all around the world, causing refugees to flow to Europe without helping to take them and then a US media is poking om Europe whose obviously do more for the refugees. Way the go!
I'm not sure if you've ever talked to a refugee or a black person in a suburb of Dresden, but it's much more than just a little exception.  Hoyerswerda, Bautzen, Freital, not to mention PEGIDA every monday... but sure, these are just some isolated incidents, Germany's not really like that!
Yes, a I know a lot. Actually I lived four years in the US. In the summer we had an African American girl visiting us. She travelled thru Europe with my daughter and had the best time
There are lots of incidences like this. Somehow,  the authorities, do not react and try to hide it. Strange.
Tyler Findlay
Kristen is right! Y'all Germans need to look past your nationalistic pride and admit you have a serious problem in your country
The problem is that this is how these kids get radicalized. No one helps, they are not educated and they see no way out of their misery.
What does he have to go back to? Poverty and death?
We must stop our wars.  Such will make it easier to deal with climate refugees.
I'd like to know why their Muslim brothers don't help them, all those rich countries like Saudi Arabia, Katar, The Emirates .... why aren't they welcomed in those countries?
Im sure and have seen That it is true in a lot of cases, some Germans have that fear and some ignorant people this terrible  hate but we need to be positive and overcome this. I want Germany to succeed. We need to become one and proof the critics wrong. I send love and prayers to everyone who is involved in this gigantic task. I'm proud of the humanity our chancellor showed at that time when all the others closed their doors/ borders . The haters will become the losers in history
Bree Keogh watch this it's a really interesting story
cc: Jim Driscoll: Here is a bit of data on the refugees in Germany .. almost 2 million arrived in 2015.
Not everyone in Germany thinks like that!! ... there are many of us how are doing everything they can against racism and neo-nazis! And there are still a lot of voluntaries, working really hard to help refugees settle here, to give them a safe new home. We welcome the once in need.
Ok so the Germans are fighting back against the raping and pillaging so now it's their fault. We've heard this before and just like always the Saul alinski tactics backfires.
Tini Heudorfer Kuhn oh ok, I knew a girl once who had fun in Europe, so all this stuff is overblown... that's the argument you're making here
If Germany were that bad I wonder what all those Americans are doing over here as we speak drinking all our beer at the German Oktoberfest.....where people from all over the world meet to party peacefully.
Jochen Breunig maybe you should read about your country's problems since mass men have migrated. The number of violence towards women Jews and homosexuals has risen.
I'd go anywhere but freaking Germany 😳
Tini Heudorfer Kuhn whopdedoo for you. You know one black person. Living in the us means nothing. I’m from the us and there are people there who never bother to come into contact with people different from themselves. 

That doesn’t change the fact the there is a problem with racism in Germany. And this young man’s story is not rare or unique.
Why are people so enraged at others for fleeing a country that was being bombed to pieces?! They haven't got choices. 
Why is there no compassion?
Which German channels are showing these videos, when and why? On the eve of a scary election that may well see Fascists in the German parliament for the second time, it seems extremely irresponsible to be sharing them.
I hope the far right's power in germany is a figment of imaginations of the media and the alt right nazis in the US....I hope the election goes differently than predicted...It did in FRANCE
Oscar Jesus, have you ever been in Germany? Why do you criticize a country you don't know. Besides there are many poor Germans who feel that their government doesn't do enough for them.
Kyle Vigraham exactly. I’m having a good time living in London but that doesn’t erase some of the stuff that goes in here. 😂
Do not share!
This is the country of the the Holocaust. Did people think that that embedded hate really went away? Just as if you were born to parents with mental issues, you may have them too. A countries past holds a generational curse.
It was less than a million... and the country is quite big...but Germany sure has some problems, and had before
Europe and US has to abolish once and for all racism, Nazism, narcism and fascism!
There's no reason save money to go to Germany if racism is so rampant there. If you want to get the big welfare, then you just have to live with the so called racism. Easy as.
Benedikt Hirmer
William Stowe So do we Americans.
I feel for him because his hopelessness and his anger are symptoms of the trauma he has experienced. He needs to be welcomed and given the opportunity to heal and instead he is in the defense again. It's so sad because his situation right now is perilous. He wants to belong somewhere and safely be himself - to reject him and punish him for his background will only push him further and further from where you want him to be. This is how people become terrorists.
That's not data, it's a headline. In fact it was less than a million in 2015....
Very well said,, after all Islam is a cancer for mankind
And yet they still go there in droves.
I lived in France in the 1980's when Tunisian migrants were allowed in but the reality is that they weren't welcomed and to this day the are treated as lower class and even those born in France.
It's easy to solve. Go back to your country.
Not only Islam BUT ALL abrahamic religions are cancer to mankind
Camilla Marie Emily Monasterio
Louise Desautels 
North, South, East and West!
What if the refugees do not want to assimilate, as Europe is currently experiencing?  What is your answer?
Germany is not bad. Germans are not bad. Racism is negligable in Germany. It's the guilt trip that benefits the so called refugees .
Sara Rickenbacher Actually there are large rural areas in Germany with small villages and towns so they have been helpless against a few hundred men showing up. And migrant families have shown to be hostile towards Jews and homosexuals. They don't want them teaching their kids. And no what you're saying wouldn't be allowed before the mass migration. Jews and homosexuals were not attacked and feared for their lives before the mass migration of men.
Kristen Tucker haha exactly.  I spent some of the best years of my life in Dresden, doesn't erase the fact that they have a serious problem with racism over there.
Thanks for tagging this!
Thank you for the correction! I was actually trying to find the exact metrics - where is the The New York Times receiving its "data" from .. ?
Wow.  You people are unbelievable.  Until a Syrian or Libyan can shed their skin and truly become European, they will continue to face hatred and discrimination for simply "being."
The Arab countries are already islamic.
Flows of Refugees is a result from West Countries' aggresive foreign policy. Attacking the dictator regimes who wont to be a slaves, and having a tea with the cute slaves dictators. Dont blame they the refugees, point your govt instead
Svenja Pipilotta Joel Witt Erna Lucia Cassarà Philip Meinel
Europe invaded everyone else's country😈
Your kidding right?
Puuh. Why would I read about that when I live in the country. Never said that there won't be downsides and risks. Just said, we will deal with it and it will not weaken us. And my Jewish and gay friends at least think the same way.
Thank you New York Times
I wonder what your intentions are to broadcast this one day before general elections in Germany. Feels like meddling. Perhaps well-meaning, but still meddling.
Overwhelming and heartbreaking
Y'all are really hostile and evil. Just making a point that there are good things happening here and y'all are just mean. We are currently trying to help many people from all over the world and the only thing you claim is that Germany is so full of racists. Very poor and weak attitude. But your call.
People act out when they feel they're not being heard.
Gary Tolin is the problem that they don't want to assimilate, or that the average guy on the street in some places will never accept a refugee as an equal member of society?
There is no excuse for this racist behavior but the people are here and we need to live together and we can't deine the problems but need to move on , find ways .Saxony and the East German states developed the nazi culture out of so many reasons, some lie in the communist past and also high numbers of unemployment , poverty and isolation etc and in other parts like hamburg , a very rich and open port town,people coexist very well with each other for centuries. Nothing is as simple as it seems ! Read and inform yourself more before judging or better help or set an example yourself ! It's easy to talk . Act
It is a shame that we too have white supremacists in Germany again. It is our duty to stand against those simple minded, but it would be helpful if the rest of the world showed some responsibility and also took some refugees into their countries.
Kevin Motley when all you have is devastation and death around you, where would you go? Just stay and die? Europeans and Americans have fueled conflicts in the Middle East for their own political and economic gains, they've destabilized the regions in the name of progress and democracy, with neither in sight. when it comes to dealing with its consequences, like the refugees, no one wants to clean up the mess they created.
Oh good, a lecture by an "Italian" living in Texas. So in touch with European issues! I would say "vai a quel paese" but fortunately you already have.
Jochen Breunig Well just because you live in the country doesn't mean you know what's going on. Germany doesn't have a free press nor free speech so what you perhaps read in your country is filtered.
Like how Europeans invaded every country and forced their religions and laws on people? These people are fleeing for their lives. They are bringing the only parts of home they know, the only things that make them who they are. Maybe help them assimilate, be understanding and realize it's their children who will be the Europeans, not them. Islam is not a terrible religion any more than any other religion. Women are treated like scum in the Bible, too its just covered up or ignored. These people are terrified. Have some compassion.
Mitch Apodaca
The opinion pieces by the New York Times have become increasingly slanted to the left over the years. You have to take them with a grain of salt as we say. Germany is to be applauded for the effort it's made in alleviating the world refugee crisis.
Jochen Breunig hostile and evil for telling the truth? I think not.
Europeans should be used to it since them and Arabs have been doing exactly what you pointed out for thousands of years.
Only idiots will vote Merkel after what she has done.
Wonder what the population of the Fatherland is, in the first place, and then, how many of the 2 million stayed.
@Marie I agree, I have a biracial friend born in Sweden and she tells me the Muslims especially  North african men commit lots of crimes and add to the already high rape rate in Sweden and she's afraid to walk alone at night.i don't hate Muslims but it's hard for them to integrate and that causes friction between Muslim and non Muslim communities.
Like the white supremacists are the ones who ruined Germany and the rest of Europe. Lol
I fully agree with you! For this bad situation we must thanks our brainless democratic government & leftists italian obamiots!!😢😢
What is being done to help these people? If everyone is just saying these people must act, look, and sound exactly like us from the moment they set foot in our country then it'll never happen. These people come with nothing but their language, their religion, and sometimes that is all and you expect them to immediately shed all of it and become what you've known and had all your life. If you had lost everything, including those you loved, would you not hold onto the only remnant you had to remember them while trying to move forward with your life? Also, religion while being corrupt is deeply ingrained. I invite you to just give up your beliefs.
The sun will shine again abode .
dear is assalamualiqum good night from Bangladesh thanks bulbul
Tracy Smith-Pea the same hatred they show to their own minority groups, you should see how Arab Libyans tried to purge Libya of its black population after the fall of gaddafi,now they sell black slaves, they ain't no saints.
This 2 million are nothing but a  parasites population bomb
This report is extremely one-sided and doesn‘t reflect reality. One simply cannot generalize from a small city like Bautzen to Germany as a whole. Also the refugees in Bautzen weren‘t angels.
Isn't it the Italian weekend?
Fascinating, Giulio Gaia. I invite you to give up your beliefs and everything that is meaningful in your life and just be something different. Please, tell me how easy it is because everything you are is wrong no matter how much you've lost and the only way I'll accept you is if you become exactly like me.
Hate seems to be taking over this world. I hope we can defeat it.
Stop telling lies about Germany. The picture you paint with this Video is just not true. For everyone who really wants to see how things go, please come and visit germany. Its a great country with great people and a lot to see. Dont believe everything shown in newspapers, they often show things Black and white without drawing the whole picture.
Germany will succeed, and has shown a great deal of leadership in alleviating the world refugee crisis.
Ahmed Cirro
I live Germany. I have good friends with refugee/immigrant background. Unfortunately, I have to relate what you said on # 2, due what happened recently. I have been harassed verbally by an immigrant who stopped after I threatened him by going to the police; however, I reported the incident to the group where we practice the German language.
Troll. There is no such thing as "pure" when it comes to humanity
And his peers who make bombs which blow the arms off 12 year old girls - sooo, no, the NYT VIOLIN SECTION sounds like cats . . .
The AfD will not win the election. It will either be another grand coalition or a Jamaica coalition of CDU/CSU, FDP and the Greens. I have no doubt, however, that the AfD will be represented in parliament.
Leila, where do you take your "knowledge" about Germany's press from??? You must be kidding!

Homosexuals have been attacked before, there had been hatred around before 2015. It is not only Muslim immigrants attacking homosexuals. And not every Muslim immigrant attacks homosexuals. In general homosexuals can now live their daily lives in Germany just like everyone else. That is the result of a long fight for equal rights. Just like in about every other western country, including the US!

It would be wise to refrain from making generalisations!
We have spent billions on  refugees. Most of them do not even have a legal claim to asylum. There have been hundreds of incidents of molestation by refugees from Africa  (Google cologne new years Eve 2015.) Several rapes and at least four or five murders. We will be paying billions for decades to come as those ppl dont not have an education or are not willing to learn German
Sweden altered and broadened the legal definition of rape and sexual assault so that it could be quantified and more accurately assessed and help could be more readily available as well as educational resources.

Approx 65% of sexual assault cases go completely unreported in the USA. You would probably never leave your house again if you had the true stats.

Rape hasn't increased in Sweden disproportionately due to refugees, that has been completely debunked. Please stop using that example as fact.
All Germans I know are fine with the refugees although we took in a lot. But of course there are those who are scared and have problems with a globalised world, they will vote for AfD and support alt right movements. Those criminals who attack refugees do not represent Germany and should be punished for their crimes.
Julia Jk

Omg as if it's only one sided hatred and ignorance! Why can't NYT even try to paint an unbiased picture! Why not mention how too often the refugees crimes are under reported?!? That's not important enough I get it!!
For openers if you pass through multiple safe countries and thousands of miles?You are
not a refugee.You are looking for a lifetime
of freebies.This guy could have taken a boat
like 25 miles to Tunisia.
That's the thing with xenophobia if the xenophobic person had no object to ptoject their hate and anger onto, they would be forced to confront their own internal turmoil and sickness.
Bautzen is a difficult place to be at as a refugee ... but it would be difficult for me to be there too  ... and I am a 60+ year old woman. People there  often feel cheated and are being distrustful. Having people of different origin or colour around is something they have not been used too in the former East Germany. Some of the refugees are equally distrustful, many of whom are also traumatized from the experiences in their country of origin as well as from their flight, fleeing from the horrors of war, death and hunger, the endless bombings and battles, the brutality of police and soldiers, famine, extermination, violence, torture, rape, while seeking freedom and peace. In western Germany there has been a constant influx of people from other countries, starting after WWII ... from the east, then from Italy, Spain, Greece and Turkey, later on from Russia ... In most western communities, the refugees and asylum seekers don't really pose such a significant problem and many things are being done to help with their immigration.
...but never the result of aggressive Muslim countries' domestic and foreign policies, right? Not to mention the fanatical grassroots organizations such as the Muslim Brotherhood.
This desperation breeds hate. 
Hate breeds drastic measures 
Like terrorism. 
People who hate other people 
Create terrorists
Drew Riddle Not that we need more stuff to use in class.
that's true.  probably if the tables were turned, if your country were wartorn and you had to emigrate to libya, you would have been an angel.  i'm not so sure about myself...
I live in Germany, but even then can not say how Germany is in respect to the so called refugee crisis. 
I can say it's complicated. 
What you see in the video of course happend and it happens more often everybody wants. Of course we have a racism problem, but nobody can tell for shure how big this problem is. 
Tomorrow we have gerneral elctions and everybody can see how big the problem is, after the election. We have a new political party, the AfD (Alternative for Germany). Don't ask me if they are Nazis. If you call them Nazis they would say "What? You call us Nazis? You bring shame on the victems of the real Nazis." No, they dont's call themselves Nazis, of course not. But all lefties call them Nazis. But they (the right ones) call the lefties Nazis. I told you that it's complicate. 
It was today when I read an article about "Who are the AfD-Followers, are they really poor people?" And the article say "no", they are normal people, not especially poor, not "the forgotten ones". These people want more Nationalism, they want more of the proud feeling to belong to a proud Nation. 
The core of the problem is: how proud you can be without becoming a Nazi? And, more important: "Who do you mean when you talk about the German Volk (people)." 
To say "I'm proud to be German and the Germans are all poeple (including 
immigrants) seems to be ok."
To say "I'm proud of the german culture and this culture does not include foreigners" this is where Nationalism mixes with racism and can become Naziism. That's my point of view. Other people have other points of view.

Ok, how is Germany now? I would assume 80% of the Germany are fully nor-racist, and also somehow even not Nationalist. Most of the Germany think Nationalism in every kind is dangerous. We dont like this "Our Nation first"-thinking. But maybe 20% of the Germans want more Nationalism. I guess within these group you also find real Nazis.
Did you try to detox your body through your feet before spewing such nonsence?
um, i would never trade places with this guy.  i don't think he's there to get freebies...
Muslim brotherhood never attacked any western countries. But the Wahabi sect of Saudi Arabia indeed spread their terrorist ideology, resulted ISIS, Al Qaeda and all Islamist terrorist group, all of them are wahabi originated from Saudi. Your govt love to dance with them, the Saudis, and use wahabi terrorist to overthrow secular Assad of Syria, just like what ur govt did during Soviet Invasion in Afganistan, labelled Osama as Hero.
You must watch youe idiot president dance with Saudi dictator. Remind me 14 suspect of 9/11
can you tell me which article you're talking about, francis?
Argh. Former East Germany...... didn't they learn anything? Don't believe a small group and video.
I'm just talking about this bit of information: "Almost 2 million refugees came to Germany in 2015." 

 .. It is part of the text presented with this post.
Yep...
yeah, that's way high - I thought the net influx in 2015 was 800 000, and in 2016 on the order of 200 000, and this year on the order of 20 000 so far
You claim to know the truth and universally judge on things you did not even personally encounter. Your self-confidence is impressive. No one ever said everything is easy and good. No country whatsoever is without racism. Don't need to tell you about Britain first, right? So what's your point at all? We are giving our best in our communities. Only thing you do is taking away motivation and courage to make things better. If this is what you want, I sincerely congratulate you. If it's not (which I strongly hope and in fact believe), please reconsider your binary approach and don't focus on fingerpointing only. The latter is what makes it hard to believe in the good of humanity
Gary Tolin Well, this guy is saying he does. So in cases like this guy who "just want to work and help my family" education is the answer. Even people who "don't want to assimilate" will when engaged and made part of a community. Make a person feel valued does wonders for their attitude. Treating people like unwanted garbage equally does.
Natasha Singh Martin Rauber
Oh well the price we pay for oil and minerals
Lol right? I covered the trek from Syria to Munich before the 4.1 mile film yesterday, so this might be a good thing to show afterward.
Rahul Bhardwaj what a bunch of racist, xenophobic, insensitive remarks. You are much more indicative of the problem than the majority of people seeking refuge!
yeah right i know
Louise Desautels  same
Megan Clymer-Mickey Those who most often cite the "increase in rapes" in Sweden, Germany or where ever  (which actually never happend) ... are often people, who themselves view women as objects and by using these fake statistics they themselves thereby use and abuse women for their own purpose ...
Nice try motley, but no cigar - that's not why they're not welcome there. It's because all that unlabored, practically free wealth that's gushing from below the feet of the camel herding bedouin upstarts has gone to their heads. They don't give a r@ts @ss about islam nor are they concerned about their obligation to their fellow moslems, however, they're the darlings of Washington & London.
If anything, most Germans tend to overcompensate for the Nazi history, which is why Angela Merkel's decision to allow the refugees to enter in 2015 was hugely popular in Germany. The percentage of people with anti-immigrant/refugee views is still small. It looks like the AfD may get 12-15% of the vote tomorrow, so they most definitely don't speak for the vast majority of Germans. But in some areas of the former GDR, the percentage of xenophobes is much higher.
AnnA Makana ein trauriger Film, aber ein tolles Theaterprojekt in Bautzen.
Your first sentence is wrong. "Some" Europeans are tired of Refugees. Most Europeans still welcome them and will welcome them in the future. There are a lot of resources, we will take them from the rich, they have more than enough.
Instead of showing this video, media should also know what refugees did to local people, although not all the refugees are bad people still some of them pose a great threat to local people's security and culture.
Yea! Way "the" go!
They are people, plain and simple. If there are criminals amongst them send them back but for the most part, they should be helped.
Jessica Lauricella Mills There are a lot of different projects to help integrate refugees in Germany besides those provided by the state (like languages and integration courses, although there are still too few of those). For a map look here:
http://www.tagesschau.de/fluechtlingsprojekte/
I don't know about Germany however Jews in France have been moving by the thousands to Israel in the last few years. Antisemitism is back in Europe, and it's back because of Islam.
Why not, those ignorant mfs certainly don’t seem to have a problem generalizing Muslims do they? Good for the goose, good for the gander.
If only things were simple. They aren't.
Yeah, every country has this problem. Racists are not just an American thing 😔
Jessica Lauricella Mills And an article showing both what is working and what's not: http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/integrating-refugees-in-germany-an-update-a-1147053.html
They have had millions of refugees flee across to their borders.
Marie Balaguy
your talk is racist
Oscar Jesus, There is no denying that there are problems, but this report depicts conditions in a very specific area of Germany that is quite different from the rest of Germany, when it comes to attitudes toward refugees.
Exactly. I always say “Welcome to the hate that hate made.” You can’t treat people this way and think they’ll love or respect you for it. And you’ll definitely make them hate you back.
I think even just the first few minutes up to the point where he tells what happened to him in Libya would be good. Just a thought.
James Whittle Like in Saudi arabia
Maybe you should stop trying to tell a German what life is currently like in Germany, Leila. The man ONLY has firsthand knowledge. What do YOU have??
Then Why do they Keep Electing Her?
A friend of mine is working with young refugees and she also says that education is a major key. Also, there might be a problem with this "just wanting to work and help my family" because often it is expected that these young people find work very quickly and then send money to their families. No time for improving/adding to their education and therefore they are stuck in minimal-wage jobs. 
Also, from working with people in Syria before the war, I know that very high expectations of what is possible in Germany might also add to the disappointment: they see Europe in movies and may hear about higher wages but don't realise that their education degree is not (immediately) recognised and that the living expenses are equally high. At least, those people I was working with in Syria were shocked when I told them what I pay for my 1,5 room appartement...
Why would you welcome people with no skills, are religiously intolerant, and believe in a theocracy?  Total lunacy.
...and now the protests in St. Louis and elsewhere make perfect sense...
Yes, just like Saudi Arabia. Praise be to allah, America is Satan.
he did nit die. He was murdered.
Paul Miranda
Jochen Breunig I commend Germany's efforts, but I think you're trying too hard to be a welcoming haven for those who have been cast off for various reasons from dysfunctional societies.  Helping these people in their own nations/regions would be a preferable solution for all. I fear that this humanitarian gesture will cause Germany serious problems in the future -- Merkel's approach wasn't well-considered.
Sorry young man.  You are in Germany not Libya.  Guess that means, by what ever way, you should become german.
Actually, I'm not kidding. I've never been to Germany so I can't really make a judgement. However, I can say that here in the US minorities experience life completely different than whites. It's actually shocking because ever since I've moved to Houston, TX where there are just as many minorities as whites, I haven't had one racist encounter. In Pittsburgh, PA I knew that I was black. You could feel the hate from people.  American history is still in vain and still in our everyday lives. It's there in so many ways, but I honestly don't feel like explaining anything. I'm too exhausted lol.
Wait, the west already look at women as objects. Whats the difference lol?😏
Germans aren’t like that ignorant woman in the video. I’ve been there. I know.
Now do the protests in STL make any sense?
They already do lol. Those countries have accepted refugees by the millions. And they still pledge to do so, without much question. These problems also occurs there and yet they understand better.
Should I list the crimes young white men commit in America yet you don’t generalize them the way you do these men? Is it because they look like you?
2-million-number way too high - numbers were revised by the interior ministry since then.
In 2015 476649 asylum seekers, in 2016 745545 registered. So a bit over 1 million in 2 years. Even if you take into account thousands of possibly unregistered, nowhere near 2 Mio. 

http://www.bamf.de/SharedDocs/Anlagen/DE/Downloads/Infothek/Statistik/Asyl/aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl-august-2017.pdf?__blob=publicationFile
Clarence Rogers That's right. The majority of us is being nice and supportive. Still, the bad ones, the racists  are enough to make their life miserable. It's shameful.
Mohamad Al As lie!
Have you ever been in the "Eastern part" of Germany?
Germany has free speech and free press. There is Antisemitism, yes. It was there before The Refugees come. People show it more openly since the rising of all these Nazis in some european countries.
Kevin De Castro Ferreira
The very vast majority of those you're referring to are neither white supremacists nor simple-minded. Stop generalizing.
We?
Looking for statistics? 476.649 people asked for asylum in Germany in the year 2015. Source: https://www.bamf.de/SharedDocs/Anlagen/DE/Publikationen/Broschueren/bundesamt-in-zahlen-2015.pdf?__blob=publicationFile

745.545 in 2016. Source: https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/76095/umfrage/asylantraege-insgesamt-in-deutschland-seit-1995/

1.2 million people within TWO years. Far from the 2 million mentioned in the headline.
It is good to see this point of view, however there is most definitely another side to this story.
James Whittle You are not talking about Germany, do you know that? The rich in Germany did not get rich by working hard an sacrificing.
Wessen Arsch willst du ölen?
Things are not that simple. He was accepted into Germany. He is provided food, shelter, medical care, and he has significant legal rights. I understand the dynamics make it difficult, but he could theoretically have taken steps to stay out of trouble and improve his chances for permission to stay (for example, not hang out in the public square, and instead work intensely with his friend and anyone else he can find to learn German). There are those who do, and their outcomes are vastly better than his.  There are refugees whose single-minded pursuit as soon as they reach Germany is to learn the language. You don't have to take formal language classes for this, you can find someone, anyone, who knows German and is willing to help.
your using a computer or a cell phone so yah we
James Whittle the whole world knows that ;)
That is why we need to make an exception to the non-violence principle and encourage Antifa to punch out Nazis. There are always exceptions to ruling principles and these guys do warrant it.
Erik, well-phrased and I agree with your overall assessment and strongly support the idea of helping on site and build up wealth in these nations. We have been in similar situations before (eg balcan wars in the 90s) same fears as back then and look we are stronger than ever. Yet, we absolutely must not become a welcome Haven and strictly need to manage the process of incoming foreigners. Also, we need to consequently send back people who are either delinquents or if at their home they are safe (given that they haven't integrated thus far). So all in all I am very realistic of what our government has done. And a humanitarian act can't be that wrong. It's about how we handle it now.
Thank you for the validated data source  - much appreciated!
You don't invade an open door, the refugees comes if the doors are open, if they are juridically welcomed. 
I think the EU countries should close for entrance and concentrate about getting the best out of those already here . We can't keep absorbing the refugees or the economic emigrants.
It is sad,but that is just how it is.
I don´t understand
I disagree. We carry responsiblity for our fellow humans, and we should do what we can to help as many people in dire need as we can, even if there is a significant price. Germany is managing OK. We wouldn't be able to handle an unlimited influx, but an influx of 1% or 2% compared to the prior German population we can handle. Wir schaffen das :)
In Denmark, the impression we get from the media is that there is a lot of tension in Germany because of the challenges that came with the sudden influx of refugees. But at the same time Merkel is predicted to win the election, despite being responsible for this. Does this mean that the issues are lesser than what we're being told, or that Merkel is so strong in other areas, that it cancels the refugee issue out?
what an awful thing to say
Your comment is so stupid I can't even find words for it. You think hate and racism is inherited? Please go back to school. Or, more likely, just go to school.
Didn't thought through. That might be a single reality but it has nothing to do with the whole thing. Sorry, nonsens.
Europe, especially Germany "welcomed" refugees because they need cheap labor. They sell more than they can produce and need more people to fill the assembly lines. That's it.
easy solution - go home, Abode! You are an illegal immigrant, Germany does not need you, nor did it Invite you.
2 million came, we followed 1.  Meaningfull ?
Wish Abode could come to Canada
Remember the old axiom -- No good deed goes unpunished.
@New York Times: NYTimes, really?! Almost 2 million? That isn't even close to accurate.
Jessica Lauricella Mills just nuts what you just said.
Only one problem -- Antifa are Nazis 2.0. I'm surprised people don't all see this.
Joseph Noh I don´t think they need them for tis. I think they need them for justifying the low wages.
I do apologise for my criticism. I do admit that I've only seen Germany as a tourist, and I don't know a lot about its society.
Italy should not have to bear the brunt of it, that much is true. But the West created climate-change and endless war, so EU and USA will have to deal with the exodus from the countries they got fat on
No worries, but Germans themselves have a lot of issues with poverty that must be solved.
Really?  Germany, led by Merkel is a rightwing country? Last I noticed Germany was not causing trouble for its neighbors and was producing goods and technology used around the world.  These refugees come from miserable dysfunctional societies where people slaughter each other over nothing; they manufacture and invent nothing and they can't govern themselves.  Then the refugees go to healthy societies, demand services, cause trouble and then whine that life's not great... like it was back home! Don't tell me... let me guess -- you're from one of these dysfunctional societies?
Well that's New York Times for you
the people hate this black guy is right wing type. not left. both side can take charge of the country.
Hey NYT ,how about you make a story on Leroy Sane.His father's a muslim man from Africa , his mom from Germany and he's making a killing for Manchester City football club and will be the next big star in the national team in Germany .
Or maybe because of things like these https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10159853841425354&id=95475020353
Yolanda Povedano Duro
Markus how do you know who she is reffering to? If she is talking about white supremacists then all of the people she is reffering to are white surpremacists. Funny that you feel the need to deny that.
Some countries in the world must stop causing, supporting civil wars in some countries.. and the same countries must stop exploiting  same countries natural resources..
I was hoping and waiting for a happy ending...but there was not
Poor kid. There are people in this country who have more compassion and understanding. I hope he gets a chance to go to school and find his path in this world. Stay strong Abode!
Erik Larsen Antifa stands for anti-fascist and Nazis were fascists. It is surprising that you don't know this.
Mohamad Al As, which Gulf countries accept refugees?  Jordan, Lebanon, even Iraq and Syria accepted refugees, but not Saudi Arabia or the Emirates.
Extremely moving video. However, I live in Germany and personally know a lot of Germans that speak out against all far-right/ Nazi actions. Some of them even work double shifts at the asylums to help and care for the migrants coming in. I trust the professional Journalism of NYT and been a subscriber for already quite many years but this video shows Germany in a bad light which I completely disagree with, knowing many personal stories.
That is a sad story - someone needs to push the reset button for Abode, he needs a fresh start. What is obvious to us in this piece by looking closely at his story, unfortunately gets lost in the masses. I bet Germany is overwhelmed and does not have the resources needed to apply individual care which is clearly needed here. Kudos to the engaged director's project taking kids off the streets and allowing them to come together on stage and showcasing their artistic talents. It's saddening that nothing seems to come out of it. But, there are many stories with good endings - I would challenge the NYT to keep the journalistic balance and broaden the view.
F abode
Really great and sad story about the immigration process in Europe. The focus is on Germany but the same situation happens in other countries.  Immigration doesn’t take place in a vacuum: on both sides, you have human beings with their own history. The anti-immigrants parties deludes their voters by making the “other” accountable for their personal difficulties (unemployment, perceived failure, etc,.). The origins of their woes are much more complicated to solve than just throwing the immigrants out of their countries (while the developed nation can not keep up with their ageing population and the related issue of the baby-boomers retirement). We need to integrate them in our societies but it will not happen in a hate filled climate.
Elisa Melendey McGuire
This video is incredibly one sided. It does not reference at all the strain that such a large migration poses on Germany and other countries. I wonder where all the so 'hate' comes from in the Germans. 🤔 there is always two side to every story.
Jordan
Zainab Qureshi
Greg MacPherson - it's has an accuracy variable and since no central database exists in the US it's difficult to quantify precisely but it's not impossible to verify. Purposely difficult? Absolutely.

https://www.rainn.org/statistics/criminal-justice-system
"I've never been to Germany so I can't really make a judgment." Your statement pretty much starts and ends there.
Michael DeCesare what makes you think that Germany is ruined? Is it because we have the number one passport in the world and the highest economy rating of Europe? 😂
Mira Tell , yes, all of this is true. Merkel will win the election even if some people shout at her being a "traitor of the german people". These people want to bring her to court (reminds me a bit what Trumpists wanted to do with Hillary). These people will vote for the AfD (Alternative for Germany). The tomorrow election will show how big the problem is.
Your number of 2million is incorrect. Not even 1million refugees came to Germany in 2015.
Alexandra Lehar you exactly make my point. What you've all just said is false. There has been repostings coming out of Germany that migrant families refuse to have their children taught by gay teachers. And of Jews and especially Jewish children being bullied and beat at schools by migrant children.
Yes it is. You must have been there. See, German beer unites the world, not hate and bad comments. 😉
Yes! Exactly.
Jochen Breunig but isn't it true?in many parts of Eastern Germany that is the case.there are very bad people and there are good people,in between some couldn't be bothered.Racism mustn't be encouraged in any form.fortunately,Angela Merkel is trying hard to make things better for integration and acceptance but she can't change everyone's mind.
To think of so many youths lost and alone in the world is gut wrenching. Their world got turned upside down so quickly, without a clear path back to a life where they don't feel threatened. Goes to show how disaster and despair can happen to anyone in an instant. I get that the alt right is trying to make sense of their new reality and fighting to "survive". What they don't realize is their hatred makes their environment less safe, creating greater division and inequity for everyone including themselves. Rather than being driven by distrust and prejudice to tear others down, choose compassion and hope to bring everyone up.
Ib, never claimed anything different than from what you are saying. Everything you write I confirm 100%
Alexandra Lehar Germany relies heavily on its exports to remain competitive in the EU. Cheap labor = low wages. We're talking about the same thing.
More US created Refugees. The obvious and predictable consequences of a capitalist foreign policy driven by control over resources and profits. 

Thanks American Imperialism for ruining the lives of Libyans and creating Far Right movements across the world, including here in the US.
Cheryl Mitch
Powerful
😘
Kristen Tucker I have also seen documentaries about the so called "German welcome culture" and about people who opened their homes to refugees. The negative headlines get more attention than the success stories, I am afraid.
Absolutely true!
Same europeans who invaded and raped africa...dumping their slum dwellers on the continent poisoning it....
Imagina o estado psicológico desse coitado. É muita pressão, e eu fico triste de ver, realmente triste pela palavra que ele escolheu pra definir a situação dele (perdido). E ele tá mesmo, perdido em mundo de ódio e ignorância. Mas não se pode descartar uma coisa, cada caso é um caso. Olha o comentário abaixo, traduz ele, o da Marie Francis. Logo abaixo, ela explica um ponto de vista que é inegável também.
Maybe it wasn’t the greatest idea to let in millions of uneducated immigrants who can’t be absorbed, will be on welfare forever, and in many cases are Muslims that hate Germany and the West.  Sounds like a perfect recipe to create discord and destroy the social fabric.
This is not correct on many levels . But one thing we seem to forget is that the migration of people will continue. This is not a German , Italian or even a European problem,  this a global problem that will just worsen with war and natural disasters. Germany just happened to be one of the only countries that did not turn their backs on the humans that were and still are in need. Of course there is so much wrong and many problems but the majority of those that come to Germany are still treated with respect.
I believe that if they could go back to their countries ( infrastructure must be built first and that will take years ) the majority would.
While I do think that good journalism should leave readers uncomfortable, some of the discomfort brings up rational questions: 1) why is NYT depicting Germany as a very much nazi country when it's not? Like everywhere nowadays, there is some discussion about immigrants but this video depicts it in a way more extreme fashion then what it is 2) how do you endorse a story like this when you have in fact no way to check said story? To me the fact that his mom told him to just jump on a boat sounds weird, as I've always heard how these illegal boats cost a lot of money often forcing families to sel all their belongings 3) why doesn't this boy speak german if he has been in a Germany for the past 2,5 years? I could go on, but the point is I'm not sure of what kind of journalism this actually was...
Eu vi... achei fera a reportagem por isso te marquei arreganho né
Aaida Tesfa
He should go back.
Lulu Bernatas
They have to be integrated not segregated !
Germany is not that bad, and immigration in Western Europe is not new, only basic Americans would believe Islam is new to Europe and dark skinned people are a discovery to Western Europe. Now I acknowledge there is racism like everywhere but compared to America, Western Europeans are angels. But hey we're reading The New York Times, where people who never experienced oppression, war and racism themselves are trying to teach other white yuppies the ways of the world. Germany is way more progressive and open than the US, white women in Germany don't cling on their purses when foreign looking people walk close to them, can't say the same about some places in America.
I almost hate to say it, but it's a little comforting to know my country isn't the only one suffering from a bad case of complete idiocy in select pockets. 

One day, I don't know when, we'll all realize we're all just people trying to make it. I hope I'll see it, but I don't think I will.
This video is utter B.S New York Times! Try harder next time...this is pathetic.
Ja meine Mutter hat mir von dem Projekt erzählt. Sie hat es gesehen und war begeistert. Trotz allem tut sich auch was positives in der Stadt...
Speak for your own....not for Europeans.
Michele Calabro...Grazie mille....this is the truth. I speak as German.
Well said!
It kind of looks like you and all the others who would resist are losing, but I've got an idea; start killing the fascists, because that's the only thing that REALLY stops them.
Lena Julie
Leila Dowlatshahi...What are you talking...are you nuts? Of course we have free speech and a free media!Go to bed. We live here and I reassure you, it's better as you can imagine.
First of all I am surprised how badly NYT did their recherche...we take about 800.000 refugees in 2015. That makes a huge difference.
Ryan Campion we will see. Tomorrow are the elections. Yes, I think AFD will be strong ... 15%, but I'm not sure if we are loosing cause of that.  
And the example chosen in the video exist, but is a really extrem one. Germany dose not look like that. Just in small villages in the east and maybe between some mountains in Bavaria. 

Come visit us 🙂 before you judge
A realistic, insightful assessment, Marie Francis!
Please, don't list your subjective and ill-informed opinions as if they were facts
I tell you as a German, this video is true..it's from a part in Germany ( Ex DDR) were Neonazi are a problem. BUT the unbelievable fantastic side of this so called refugee crisis was and is, that millions of voluntary people are doing their best to help.
Americans have ZERO moral authority to criticize us, European citizens, for the aftermath of the debacle that THEY THEMSELVES, in their eternal pursuit of wealth and world dominance, have created. 

None of those self-serving, virtue-signaling American liberals and leftists would be happy if all of a sudden the equivalent of 2,41% of their population would enter the USA. In America, the equivalent would be a whopping 7,786,000 new residents, the vast majority of which do NOT come from war-torn Syria (only approximately 20% actually do), the vast majority of which lack the necessary academic credentials or other skills to join the economy, all of which are draining our welfare system in detriment of the citizens originally meant to give something back to us in consideration of the extremely high taxes which we pay (and which, again, no American would want to pay). Moreover, the vast majority are Muslims, whose culture is incompatible with ours (due to their ideologically justified discriminatory treatment of women and appalling treatment of atheists, homosexuals and Jews) and, to add insult to injury, not a small number amongst them are committed Islamists hell bent on pursuing their dream of a world-wide Caliphate in which Shar'ia law prevails. 

You don't have to be a Nazi to be opposed to people who have never worked a day in their lives in Germany and who have never paid into our welfare system not only benefiting from it (while those who have worked really hard see their future pensions disappear and their current ones be utterly insufficient), but on top of it, engaging in social-welfare fraud by cashing welfare to the tune of more than US$10,000 per month by using multiple fake identities (this has actually happened), and/or getting more than US$350,000 a year without having to work a single day for taking care of their four wives and dozens of children (this has actually happened, too). 

You don't have to be a Nazi to be outraged by the German legal system putting people behind bars for refusing to pay the ca. $20 mandatory monthly fee which we have to pay per household to support the TV and radio system, regardless of whether we own a TV or a radio (this has actually happened), while judges set Muslim "refugee" rapists (including of children!) free alleging that since their cultures are so radically different, they are not responsible for rape (that, too, has happened).

You don't have to be a Nazi to be outraged by the fact that there were nearly 1000 cases of sexual abuse and rape on New Year's Eve 2015 in Cologne, perpetrated in their overwhelming majority by Muslim migrants, while the official reaction was to try to set up a cover up and suggesting, like the major of Cologne did, that the best alternative to avoid rape is for women to keep an arm length's distance from would-be rapists. 

You don't have to be a Nazi to be outraged by the German government claiming that there are no funds available to help victims of natural catastrophes (for example, massive floods during the summer) while concomitantly setting aside €20 BILLION (!) per YEAR to help the "refugees." 

I could go on and on, but it is pointless to try to convince liberals and leftists, particularly of the typically ignorant, solipsistic and exceptionalist American kind, that they are completely unaware of the reality on the ground and that they are, in fact, hypocrites.
Bautzen is notorious in Germany. I would not live there. And please notice how many people attented the show even there.
Do we live in the same country? 🤔 there ARE hate crimes against refugees. It is a fact. Refugees homes being set on fire, spray painted, demonstrations saying they should all leave. The fact that the AFD has so many supporters is proof alone that something is seriously wrong with the people in this country. Of course there are also good people who reflect and do not condemn people for where they come from. But you should be able to acknowledge the fact that Germany is far from perfect in this respect and that this video is clearly not a lie.
New York Times.are you Kidding? This is king Abode. He has 24 crime Investigation running and is a Well known Trouble maker.he is Showing Off with an ak47 in His Facebook Profile. Coming to Germany to seek shelter and safety is fine but making Trouble and violence ist Not https://goo.gl/images/kHCsWd
Aga Depta yes with these words i think we might really live in different countries.
Currently, more than 3 million Syrian immigrants in Turkey benefit from the highest levels of accommodation, education, health and humanitarian aid. Spent so far is over 9 billion dollars. Yours sincerely  🇹🇷
But of course all people truly born in Germany are always angels. Their whole lives. Forever. Amen.
You've got to be kidding me, that boy has mentally imported his own war. His temper will be his downfall.
Susanne Koch maybe he is thinking about the 1930s when white supremacists actually ruined Germany and a huge part of Europe. ;-)
Well said Alexander, the timing stinks.
total bs!
It's not like your Police would tell us about any sexual assaults that happen.
And perhaps, *just perhaps*, we, European citizens, don't want to see DREADFUL and OBSCENE ATROCITIES committed by zealous Muslims, like the ones that The New York Times itself reported about, happening on European soil:

(and no: this was not an unusual, isolated event!)

https://www.nytimes.com/video/world/asia/100000004108808/the-killing-of-farkhunda.html
Jasmin Reinmoeller
this breaks my heart
First off you sound as bad as trump , secondly rape and violence was there before refugees came to Italy,trying to separate yourself from other countries isn't going to help Italy, you had a government that mismanaged funds, you have a housing crisis, you haven't done enough for the elderly in that country.  And yes I can speak to this as I was born there and have seen the changes

Agit Köksal Rojan Al
We have to help the people in their homecountries. We can‘t take them all and as well we can‘t build walls.
Mohamad Al As sadly you are right.
Katie Alexander
That's heartbreaking.
Huge mistake to be such a xenophobe. Shame on you.
Those Nazis didn't go far...
Remember when the Europeans invaded and colonized half of the world and brought their culture with them? Nope I don't think so! 

We can't choose where we wanted to be born, so lucky you that you weren't born in a place like Libya.
Mary Garvie ... that's not xenophobia. It's pragmatism. But thanks for the label.
Pooja Raghuwansi. Parineeta Banerjee. Pari you should try!
Jonas La Yelda Kalaallit
Amazing how many people on here sympathize with nazis more than refugees. Unfortunately I'm not surprised.
#NYT should tell us the link between this and harris media TX.
His experiences might be about the same in Denmark as in Germany. It is a common misconception that victims are automatically nice people. It is always stressful to move country, but in Ireland and America, I found people to be friendly and very patient with my transition issues. I can only imagine the stress of moving in a state of conflict, and how much more that would make me an inconvenient newcomer. Extreme patience required.
We are all Human, no matter which country we were born in. We must all learn to live with each other in peace.
A mexican in germany 😂 God bless Germany!
This is exactly right.
was ist denn das schon  für eine beschissene Überschrift...
amerikanische Nachrichten sind für den Arsch...das werde ich mir nicht angucken. das hört sich ja an als wäre ganz Deutschland rechtsradikal
Even though the leaders of germany have well learned from the sad history of their country relating to the nazis, its people are among the most bigot people of the world, not all obviously but almost....
Glad the "pragmatists" lost when our ancestors needed a refuge.
Oh, please.
Mahdi Ina Bahar that's all you got? So eloquent of you. Thanks for proving my point, Somali Muslim woman.
Das haben die nicht behauptet und zu leugnen, dass eine neue rechte Bewegung wie in jedem anderen westlichen Land aufflammt bringt ja auch nichts.
Mary Garvie ... that's a false equivalence and a generic narrative. If you really want to be critical of my comment it'll help you to have some context. Rather than prejudice me for saying they brought in to many. 

They brought in to many because already there is a huge problem in Western Europe with Muslim immigrants that have no desire to assimilate and congregate into likeminded communities and in some cases they radicalize and project their provincial prejudices on their host communities. Partly due to local prejudices reinforcing their isolation and partly due to religious views on woman. 

Most of these war refugees will end up living in these communities which will create a greater risk for both terrorism and economic isolation.

With that said I fully support bringing in thousands of Syrian refugees to the USA with the hope that if they choose to stay they will want to assimilate and attend school and send their children to college... but not 1 million of them like they did in Europe. That's going to be problem.
Saudi Arabia is a horrible monarchy abusing human rights; the U.S. and countries like Germany need to be the example in humanely and generously managing human migration. We're a globalized world. We cannot wait for the the worst places to be better before we work on our own good/mediocre/bad policies for dealing with humanitarian crises.
He should go home and fight for his country.
Emilio , messaging is a little bit like acting , it's an art in which you gotta look the part.You just dont , sorry .
We disagree.
Mahdi Ina Bahar : New York Times readership: behold the racist Muslim woman. She would have you think that even though I am a German citizen (with dual Mexican citizenship) I am not a German because "I don't look the part." Remember this exchange when people like her use it to claim being victims of "racism" and say things such as "what does an American look like anyway?" Thanks for your ammunition!
Laura Grace P
Yousuf Eltagouri
It's not just the leaders who have learned a lot from the Nazi history. There is strong culture of remembrance. Every time you turn on the TV you see films, programs, documentaries etc. critical of the Nazis.  Check out some opinion polls, the majority are pro-refugees. Also look at the vast numbers of volunteers.  My sister has tutored refugee children and given them piano lessons. An aunt teaches german classes to refugees. My parents donated several bicycles. A cousin and his wife have built friendships with Syrian refugees, invited them into their home, cooked meals with them, etc.  There is definitely a small vocal minority who are xenophobic and racist, and in some areas of the former  (like where this report was filmed) there are larger numbers. But ot
Not just even to refugees, but they, Germans, treated even the foreigners or international students as a second-class citizen. With my experience in Aachen, such a nightmare. A sugar-coated hell!
... oops... but it's a minority.
Efrain Cordero
Sad story, and unfortunate situation for this young men. The man is brave and shows he is trying to adapt himself to The German society, needs help. I’m sure not all Germans act like in this documentary and not all refugees are criminals.
Aga Depta Exactly, and not only against refugees but foreigners in general. I have friends studying in cologne for example that couldnt leave the house for a day because there were "demonstrations" from AFD and extreme right so it wasnt safe. It is true that there are also germans who support the refugees, but to be honest this is the first time Ive seen a video showing the opposite side and from the eyes of a refugee.
The thing is they have to show everything, I've seen many videos showing Angela Merkel and different politicians or even civilians welcoming the refugees, but it's the first time I've seen this type of videos and it's important to create awarness because some people have no idea this is also happening.
Hi Romina, I do see and agree with your point. My only concern was that this is an isolated event that happened in one part of the country and I was afraid it will overshadow the good that is being done in other major parts, which is what I wanted to point out. The reporting and the video are as accurate as they can get. The timing is also particularly sensitive because Germany is heading into elections tomorrow.
It would have been more responsible to set a lower cap to refugees, they need help but resources are limited. Now there are more refugees than the country can culturally assimilate.
Soumitra
From Germany:
Sorry, but your count is wrong.
Only 890.000 refugees came to our country. Source:
https://www.google.de/amp/s/amp.welt.de/amp/politik/deutschland/article158465433/Deutschland-korrigiert-Fluechtlingszahl-fuer-2015.html
Majority of them were not fleeing the war. Only young men. Women and kids were left alone.Why???
Hanaa Masalmeh relevant to thesis?
Empathy. Empathy. Empathy. That's what we need in this world.
Because they are telling the story of a refugee. So of course it's one sided. That was their aim. That also doesn't make it a problem. They are telling his story.
Shehan Goonesekera
There's more sides to the story but the New York Times refuses to print out anything else
I work with refugees here in the US and there are many of us working to warmly welcome and resettle new immigrants. I volunteered almost full time these past two years until the refugee numbers slowed to a drip due to Trump's anti-refugee ban. We are desolate. But here in America we also have Nazis. Charlottesville was a dreadful event that showcased the horrible actions of some Americans who are support Trump's animosity and are pushing to revoke all privileges except those of the alt-right. So, we too have these stories happening. Not in my circle, but in my country. We just have to keep trying to do what's right in the face of bigotry, anti-other-religions and racism.
What started as millions of people fleeing a war zone, became immigration into (only) rich countries.
Hello, of course your country will change as any other country welcoming lots of people with a totally different background and suffering from trauma. And that s why people share different opinions about the crisis in the first place,  but for me it s very simple u either see all people as equals or you don't, u either believe humans should help each other or you don't. u say a lot of them are criminals and rapists well those should be put in jail or sent back. The rest are charming people trying to heal and adapt themselves to their new environment i truly believe.
Similar to the U S
What an insane world we live in when we talk about issues like this. These "refugees" are overwhelmingly economic migrants who will NEVER integrate. Germany already has a huge group of Turks that have been there for a very long time who refuse to integrate and show far more loyalty to Turkey and Islam then they do to Germany.

https://www.merkur.de/politik/vergewaltigungen-durch-zuwanderer-sagt-kanzlerin-merkel-zr-8686095.html

The crime they bring is absolutely undeniable. This is of course besides the massive economic cost that is being pushed on the German people in support of a group to uneducated and lazy to ever really contribute regardless.

This is of course besides the ever increasing state security issues that come with taking in this many third world economic migrants. The formation of ghetto's and no go zones is a forgone conclusion. 

Angela Merkal and the idiots that support her have destroyed Germany. Many of you are to stupid to see it yet, but you will.

Once again its stunning to me that all that the far right had to do was give the left enough rope to hang themselves and they practically jumped in the noose.
Lol. Guy Daoust you have no idea. Antifa use fascist tactics if you cant see that then you are lost.
The States has been a country that I have always looked up to and it pains to see the current state of affairs. But we must not lose resilience as our core value and most certainly should (and will) fight all of the bigotry and racism.
Women are seen as objects....Jesus...put down the camera, buy a mirror Western Civilization...
Kristen Tucker, I'm afraid you are trying to identify a very American form of near-institutionalised racism in a German nation that does not segregate the way the US does. 
Bautzen is a small town located in the extreme east, near the Czech and Polish borders, in a region that is still struggling to adapt to a country it has reintegrated after having known the Third Reich and the Soviet-oriented GDR regime in succession. Against such a series of drastic changes in political and cultural settings, a quarter of a century is a very short period. And nevertheless, this forlorn town of Bautzen displays, even in this documentary, a level of solidarity and support toward immigrants that I would be hard put to identify anywhere in the US toward any minority, even of US citizens.
In Germany, by and large, this solidarity is real, it is heartfelt, and it works. 
The Germans' efforts towards immigrant integration (not Mrs. Merkel's decisions, mind you, but the day-to-day efforts and sacrifices of the German people) should put most other Western nations to shame. Two years after 2 million refugees were let in, the country has neither dissolved in civil war nor enabled a return of fascism to power. So far it hasn't even unseated its chancellor.
For all these reasons, the least the Germans deserve is a bit of recognition and support - not baseless accusations rooted in ignorance and prejudice.
Return in your country if you don't like Germany. Is it better the Africa? A place without human rights?
Powerful
And if you think Antifas are fascists you are lost. Their name says it all. You should look up fascism and learn something.
Christian Salazar So the blame is shifted to all but the person themselves?
Brianna McFadden
Gabriele Canavan
Abode came from what it seems a precarious personal situation, war made it worse and becoming a refugee without prospects was the last draw. It is increasing obvious -regardless of what progressive minds want to emphasize- that European politicians unleashed a Pandora's box when they opened the floodgates to people from all over, a great deal of them not bonafide refugees. Europe wasn't ready or didn't ready itself at a minimum to handle things differently. Here is one single story of the results!
Tami Maximiliane
I was in Italy just before the first waves of migrants started...frankly, I do not know how Italy, with its own, long list of social and economic issues has been able to cope. Eurocrats have, for the most part left Italy to deal with this onslaught on her own. It is beyond immoral to expect Italians to shown boundless tolerance for a mess imposed on them, period.
How about we focus on the thousands of towns that overcame their fear, countless happy stories & moments equally shared by refugees & Germans instead of taking examples and making it look like the end of the world in Germany. Of course there are problems and new challenges but they can't be fixed in such a short time. Focus on the message that we're sending which is humanity first and love & peace in the world. This report is not showing both sides and hence is only contributing to fear and hatred.
Also, how about we wait for the election results before stating that the far right movement is about to rise 🙄.
They wouldn't want those hordes in their homelands and are delighted to see Europe forcibly absorb them, for a variety of reasons and later purposes. So much for Arab Muslim brotherhood and compassion. I hate to admit that Russia's hardline approach to illegal immigration and flow of self-labeled refugees has been more realistic.
Luca Lenbacher
The issue is simple: Many ordinary German and European ctizens with no extremist leanings are rightfully reasoning that the refugee flow has not been managed properly from the onset, and are voicing their concerns and channeling their political say-so. Those in the margins of the left will quickly label and misrepresent them as right-wingers. The extreme right will, of course, profit as much as it can. Traditional political parties will also discredit movements like AfD for their own benefit.
Wow, and this comes from a Greenpeace activist! You have clearly failed to understand the plight of this individual
Why are you generalising millions of people?
Fabiola Kindblad
Alejandro Diaz - Jews have more Nobel prizes than any other people; your racism prevents you from seeing the good that have blessed the world.
Mohammed Khalil Ibrahim
Ahhh Globalism. The Shangri'la of all the theory driven, textbook touting, self appointed international social engineers. Unfortunately - they forget - it's all about people, and reality. Two things they never think about because they have no concept of it.
what is the other side for the history of slavery? 
No tolerance for  intolerance.
And you know for a fact they hate Germany and the West?
Your whiteness also made it easier for people to be friendly to you. I am Black immigrant living in the US, I didn't realize that there would be so much ugliness directed toward me in this country.
And we call ourselves HUMAN
US made them as refugees and I think this is the responsibility of US, not Europe to accommodate them.
And of course one country can't bear a large number of migrants.
Liz Gauthier-Acosta Many Islamists despise Germany, but are more than willing to accept their welfare payments. Moreover, the majority reject basic tenets of Western culture.

https://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/10656/germany-islam-multiculturalism-june
Are you also going to report about those thousands and thousands of people that found a happy life here?
Rahul Bhardwaj one love man ! I can understand why you would hate the people but you cannot generalize all the religion brother . We are one people and should respect the difference. ✌ peace out

Tim Van de Loyenski
Megan Clymer-Mickey you do NOT know the facts!!! It has definitely been proven that what you are saying is a falsehood that's been spread around the world. Rapes in Sweden HAS increased tremendously the last few years and the assailant is most often (not all of course) an economic refugee (someone NOT running from war). Every time I go back to Sweden (where I grew up) I see the changes.
forgotten black Libyan refugees
I dont think so I live in the United States and I visited Germany 2 month ago  and hell yes I was holding on to my purse and in the evening I didn't felt safe at all . Germany has changed.
 I walk down town Manhattan but not Franfurt , Berlin or Köln.
VTT
Powerful
They’ll out-birth the natives 4:1 , no need to invade just wait 40 years and Sharia will be all over Europe 👀
I am so sick of this "like Europeans envaded the whole world" cop-out. Does that mean that *current* generations of *civilians* deserve to have their daughters and wives fear for their safety while on beaches from whatever "guests" were allowed in their country??!
There must be some control over this.
I agree with you Marie.
Refugees can try go to Saudi Arabia,Qatar,UAE or try to China and Russia
Joseph Noh you unfortunately are right.
I'm an American living in a small town in Bavaria. I have Syrian refugees living in the apartment below mine. The local German community has rallied around these two men and two boys to get them furniture and appliances, to drive the boys to soccer practice, to help them with groceries, and just to visit and spend time with them. I felt the need to offer this as evidence that it's not like this everywhere and not all Germans share the same perspective.
I'm sorry, but this is Germany. The fact that so many people would prefer to pretend that these issues are restricted to the east is part of this reason why these problems are not addressed.
Nick Lanolin Underwood
Quite frankly white supremacist, racism is inevitable when a country slowly turns towards a multicultural policy. This is compounded when there is indifference, inability to assimilate and demands made without earning respect for its culture. 
When its local cultures are seen to be eroding , it is where the nationalist and the supremacist will react at the expense of minorities. 
I see this as an inevitable fact Germany will face soon.
Does it matter?
This is hilarious! This is what happens when European countries spend hundreds of years ROBBING and destabilizing other nations! They eventually come your way cause they were left with nothing in their own lands, which your ancestors robbed!
Jessica Lauricella Mills i am really sorry but they don't want to assimilate, they hate us and they tell it us.
I work with a lot of people from all over the world and believe me, muslim don't want to live here with our rules.
What current affairs in America a wall?
NAZIS.

What is the other side? Terror attacks, rape of young girls, boys, elderly , attack on volunteers and media members, mass molestation and overwhelming rape charges at New Year's Eve events.. shall I go on?? What is the other side of history of slavery? Civilized western society. Ignorance is bliss.
This human story....this young man and his loneliness...all of this pain. May he find peace in his heart.
Tara Bagherlee
The far-right movement is a great problem in some eastern parts of Germany. Lets hope, todays election comes out less far-right than the forecasts say. But I think, the majority of Germany is NOT as in the film (did not watch it till the end). Many of us (Europeans) are still welcoming refugees - sadly the "against" are screaming louder.
Thank you for doing these workshops. Lord God, teach us all to have Your heart...
Nico Ro mi sa che conosce più l'Italia Marie, che vive in Texas e no te che vivi in Italia....
Megan Clymer-Mickey that is absolutely not true. Rape crisis in Sweden has not been debunked. On the contrary, it has been largely covered up. There was a huge scandal with over a thousand rape cases being covered up by the police for the fear of being accused of racism. Sexual assault has increased exponentially with the influx of refugees. This is the unfortunate fact, and you can be as liberal as the next guy, but denying it doesn't help your cause one bit.
There arw hate crimes in Germany obviously. But highlighting the single cases of violence undermines all of the cases where integration works and happened! So please consider this for the full picture. I come from a small town where integration of Syrians and Afghans etc. worked out pretty well. One of my best friends is Afghan. Consider that those cases highlighted in the media are single cases in single towns (just as in the video. Bautzen is nor the whole of Germany!), and seldomly the cases where things worked out.
Isabella Conomos
Livier Storms, lee los comentarios todos muy fuertes.
Those hateful Germans.  Always hate in their hearts.
It's so sad that this is only the bad sides the media is showing. Here in Germany there were lots of great happenings as well - people greeting the refugees. Also so many social workers and helping hands made it possible for the people in need to feel a little more welcome. Schooling and integration programs were starting! It's so so sad hat media makes it seem it was a big mess! Yes, lots of things haven't been going well but hey - there's so many different cultures clashing - Religions and ways of living! Of course that's not easy! But should we send them all back to the war zones and horrible conditions they came from! We are all humans and we need to help each other! It's actually a big shame that so many countries in the EU had not been taking in any refugees - or just so little. They've been running away from their duty and integrity of a string western country?!
Times, I'm disappointed seeing such one-sided journalism!
The DACA issue with the dreamers, well technically they are still protected for another 5 months or so but going back and forth on that and not knowing for sureity what will happen after, is very tough for them I can imagine.

I personally am a doctor and very curious about the health care overhaul. The repeal and replace on Ocare! I mean is it really that bad to pay a little more for programmes like Medocaid and Medicare so that some of the less fortunate can be taken care of? Giving autonomy to individual states and their governors to decide on caps for people with pre-exisiting conditions, while it sounds good, without an overlying clearly defined federal outline, things CAN go really south quite fast. Not all but many people might be left out of the system.

The violence on the streets and the general racism, esp the incident in Charlottesville where this woman was killed was also quite terrible, don't you think?
Is it really a problem that a good portion of Germans do not want their country to be flooded by immigrants? It's not only Germany btw, it's the sentiment in most european countries but also in North America, Australia, Japan, China, South Korea and in most third world countries, etc. It's completely normal and natural. And It's not because of racism (even though there's some of it). It's more a reflex of self-preservation. Recently, Germany has done more than its share for the refugees. We should stop criticizing.
I am shocked about what I read here. 😢
One that has been told many many times in German media. So I am thankful for this side and for someone finally giving him a voice.
Udayan we were talking about this...
This video is true.
Michelle Bray I'm appalled by it, but have come to rightfully expect it. I have only spent a few weeks in Orenhoffen an Trier and didn't witness it firsthand, but I find a growing sympathy for hate in the US.
Seeing most of the comments here... I am not hoping  for a happy ending anymore. :(
Get your numbers straight, NYT. In 2015 there were 890.000 refugees coming to Germany. Who says everything higher than this is a rightwing populist trying to manipulate the people. And I‘m saying this as a German.
Michelle Bray it is not true in the sense that it presents an exception as the general rule and present individual negative reactions toward immigrants as institutionalized discrimination. That is simply not the case. I find that media in general would be well advised to think twice before spewing their utterly biased views so as not to inflame difficult situations and spread endless conflicts and resentment.
Benedict Stefani
Time is Perfect! Better now than After the election
These stories normally get more attention. What happened to those who got integrated?
Jessica Lauricella Mills that bit about all religions being equally bad is objectively false
This is just a story of a teenager boy, without family and with atrocious memories! Plus is black so put him even more under the spot light. Give him education, opportunity to work and help his family. Give him Dignity. You cannot just let people in without real concrete and mostly EQUAL opportunities!! Give refugees dignity through work and education and stop the invasion narrative on media!!
This young man is in such a difficult situation. Yet... there's one incredibly simple guideline by which anyone with an insecure status in a city/country simply must abide by, palatable or not: don't break the law. Don't flaut the law. It's the fastest way to paint yourself into an extremely prcorner.
Crawl back under your rock because you don't know what you are talking about.
Eva Maria thank you. Thats exactly how it is 🙂
Inga H Ruth You would walk downtown Manhattan ? Wow, so much courage around here. What about Bronx ? Do you really think your country is really safer than Germany (or other European nations) ? That it's less racist, more welcoming ? I mean, look who you just elected...
Germany has not invaded Irak, or Libya. The US, along with a few other European countries did. Every Western State just does not have the same responsibility in "destabilizing Middle East"
When you come to a foreign country you have to integrate into its society, learn the language and so on. Everything will be just fine if you all get integrated in our societies and respect us and our countries.
Well vote for better governments who don't sell guns and don't start wars through fine diplomacy else where. Vote for a government in your country who doesn't make unfair deals with developing countries which keeps them poor. And so on and so forth.
Oh boy let me break out the violins.
Thanks Eva Maria and Patrick Kiefer for your words because of course Germany is not perfect blablabla. But seriously they're the only ones trying and I get really upset at the world expecting Germany to be perfect dealing with a difficult and challenging situation 😑. Like come on. Of course there are a few unhappy but there are much more who are simply lovely about it.
Zachary Dalisky, the existence of a fringe neonazi minority in the eastern hinterland is neither an indicator of structural racism nor proof of a segregationist mentality pervading the overall population.
Conversely, I am curious as to what your "this is Germany" postulate aims to  refer to: possibly the fact that about 12% of persons residing in the country were born outside its borders?
Long story short, if, as you state, these issues were not being addressed, Germany today would be a social, ethnic and religious battlefield. 
It isn't.
Verde güey, la gente está bien loca
why doesn't he speak fluent German? Absurd.
Erika Czerniejewski Radical Islam has bleeding knees praying that their moderate muslims will mature in their faith and become radicalized. These people are flooding your borders with one purpose and that purpose is to remove you and everything else that they do not like or will not convert to Islam from this planet.
Yeah, because the US colonized 3/4 of te world... right?
Christian Salazar Islam is the breeding ground for terrorism that is all Islam does. Islam is not a religion or race It is a Murderous government. A Hostile government of Intimidation, Placing people in Bondage, Raping, Polygamists, Inbreeding, Suicidal, Sheep screwing, Child abusing, Pedophiles.
김유현 이제 refugee란 단어를 보면 스크롤을 빨리 내리게됨
I'm really so sorry to watch this video, it makes me cry!! First of all,in this world we are all human being and as you want a safety lifestyle like job, home etc. they want just a safety 'head' let's say. Just to be alive and to breathe, is the only hope they have. Of course the criminality is part of this global world but it doesn't mean that the european people are the clearest one and the refugees are they, that bring just criminality in Europe. Secondly you cannot say the islams are the baddest one and you as an italian, catholic not! 
they have right to bring their culture because it's part of their personality. It's like saying now, why do you cook pasta, or why mostly of italians in germany have opened italian restaurants. That means they have bring also their culture here so..!!!!
The european have to learn to give respect in order to take it!
We have to be more open-minded to live with different nationalities. We can never judge other lives and the personality of a person just because he comes from arabia or whatever! For ex. If you don't like my profile picture just don't like it and go away, it's the same with people, if you don't like someone just go away. 
It's so simple. We don't have to react like this!
Blah men objectify women around the world as a  norm. Get a grip
Jessica Lauricella Mills all the self serving, virtue signaling Americans like you would be singing to another tune if the Atlantic Ocean wasn't protecting you from an Islamic invasion from Africa and the Middle East. Incidentally: all that turmoil that you attribute to the "West" would be more accurately attributed to the USA, and its perennial imperialistic obsession. If NATO hadn't forced its European members to defend the USA after 9/11, Islamists would have no "excuse" to attack us. So: shut up! BTW: there are refugees in your country, too. They are called MEXICANS and they are fleeing violence, American imperialism and poverty, too, and I don't see any Americans embracing them and opening their HOMES AND BANK ACCOUNTS to them. You people are hypocrites!
Tassia Aimée Haase
Kristen Tucker where are you now that Jean pointed out the flaws in your argument?
Anne Draper yes, it matters. If you would like to have them in your own backyard or, better yet, your home, put your money where your mouth is and sponsor an African or Middle Eastern man, or two, and bring them to the USA. Hypocrite!
And the success stories? The hundreds of thousands of people whom, despite having to face great hardship, ultimately have the opportunity to make a better life for themselves? Germany has done a great thing.
Absolute crap.
??? 세상을 구할 농업 플렛폼 시스템의 열정이 불타오르는게 아니라?
Zachary Dalisky said the guy that lives in Washington. Have you ever even been to Germany?!
Aron-Winston le Fèvre
Andrea Muñoz
Read the AfD's campaign goals/proposals. With few exceptions (their backward attitude towards family issues), they are nothing but common sense measures.
Simon you need to watch this. It's heartbreaking but very well done/researched.
Maria Kunzmann Antonia Kunzmann
Swechchha Parajuli
Really? We took in approximately two million people. Which equates to more then two percentage of the population of the Federal Republic of Germany. What would you expect would happen in the US if you took in about 6.5 million refugees. Please think about it for a moment. Would you expect such a measure is capable of increasing peace and quiet in the society?
I hope you guys are right and the AfD will not become a second NSDAP. In my opinion they are definitely a far right party, so not electable for me.
Right.
Karim Justice
If you don't want refugees swarming your countries, instead of simply complaining about the problem, reacting to the situation and scurrying to implement adhoc measures when it happens, why don't you push your governments to adopt a more proactive effective long term approach towards promoting peace & stability in the developing world and prevent the conditions that give rise to refugees and asylum seekers in the first place. No one becomes a refugee just for $hits & giggles - most people become refugees due to dire circumstances when it becomes difficult to survive in their own countries.
This story is the exception. 2 million people and you choose to focus on the exception
Powerful and heart breaking.  Pls help Abode find his place in this world.  Not a bad man, simply isolated and needs somewhere to belong.
Julian Stö
I think the same
Is this guy from Lybia? I honestly don't think so.
Good  comment Steven!
Many problems are caused by the hatred of radical Islam.  Who suffer the most because of this?  Muslims.
and yet no body on this thread talked about US invasion to Libya. Nation of hypocrites.
Diese Bautzener 😔
Erika Czerniejewski Education is the key? Can you educate your people first and stop them from invading foreign countries. What type of hypocrite are you?
It fits with the whole "innere Sicherheit" - talks you get in most of the media here lately...
Luana Polido não assisti inteiro
and dont you dare to state your personal political opinion as a fckng fact
Ciaran O' Rourke
Aga, who ever said that ? 🤔
Cornelia Stenglein
Not all of us American women act like that. Europe is going through a huge crisis. It's time to admit it.
😥
Zachary Dalisky Wow big words and you obviously got no clue what's going on here on a day-to-day basis. The statement "[...]these problems are not addressed" is so off. If there's one thing which is permanently addressed in German politics (by statements, policies and programmes), media, education and civil engagement then it is the fight against far right-wing attitudes including racism. And the reason for that is of course our history and our responsibility to stand up against such movements and to prevent the rise of similar attitudes again which turned Europe into a slaughterhouse. 
I'm not stating there is no racism but to claim that this is not being addressed is ridiculous and insulting.
Oops i didnt read it all i jus thought he made it outta dodge i take it bak bc it def not gd
White supremacists weren't the ones that destroyed Europe? What about that war? You know, the big one? With a 2 on the end?
Go back Líbia.....
Eu assisti inteiro, veja o fim! Muito triste
If you do not welcome them, they will criticise, if u welcome them, they will criticise.
Olha esse coment
This is exactly why education needs to be accessible. This young man is in the prime of his life and yet has no future, no direction, nothing to give him hope. He was engaged with the theater troupe, but what else? what else can he do in his day to day? As a teen were i to live at a refugee shelter with no hope or way out I'd be frustrated, angry and depressed. 

The question of refugees is how to we help integrate them and help them develop skills to become productive members of society?
These are economic migrants, do not bring value, scourge of living in Islamic mindset, don't want to change their ways,assimilate, sorry, let's put a mosque in front of NY times office, and see how it works.
Selma Khalil
From a culture that stole it's staple food: pasta. Europe is getting the legacy of its imposed supremacy. The reason why it's not going well, it's because Europeans are afraid of evolution. You're 10 years behind on the rest of the world, but this world is evolving.  I remember going to Cameroon on vacation, and there were 3 Italian men on the plane. One of them had obviously been dragged into going to Cameroon  by one of his friends, he said: ma che cosa voi a fare? His friend responded by saying: hai tutto a fare. If you're smart you'll get my point. Europe is poor and used up, still it appeals to some. Everybody has an Eldorado.  For you it's Texas. Be mindful of what's going on, and come out of your small world. Ciao ragazza.
😔😪

Hannah Chapman
if u cant think, just blame the US
Marie McSwarry The Munich police (polizei München) post daily reports on their Facebook page on various incidents at Oktoberfest (Wiesn.)

Just because the truth doesn't fit your narrative, please don't besmirch the police who do a fantastic job year round.
intervene in Libya - disaster "its the wests fault" --- dont intervene in Syria - disaster "its the wests fault"...
Selma Khalil did you watch it
Yelena Krasin Salazar oh dear Yelena, youve been brainwashed :)
if you can think offer better reply
Jessica Lauricella Mills then dont vote for presidents who start wars only to get another term. Now the US is trying to "bring democracy" to N Korea, as it did to all those Middle Eastern countries and then let the others take care of it. 

China would probably have to clean and deal woth future korean refugees. So please..

I just so love when Americans are telling how someone should integrate into European society, when you ban them to even travel. Plus if some parts of other races are not feeling the same as majority, dont tell about Europe where everything was going great until recently
Very bad timing right before the German election 👎 we can watch those documentaries on public tv almost every day, but they also show successful stories, which I can say for Abode, is impossible since he states himself that he cannot be helped in the end of the movie. It takes your free will and some courage to attend language classes, to meet local people and to educate yourself. Not many companies are going to take you as an intern if you only speak Arabic and have the qualities of a primary school student. I'm more concerned that Abode is getting involved with too many far-left people who see refugees as an object to fight their opponents (right wing opinions and the authorities e.g. the police) with. Still I'm happy to see that Germany is seen as a paradise to many other people outside of Europe who seek a better life.
But I'd like to clarify that it's the local people's choice if they want to open up or not toward total strangers (exception for the NPD, which makes up less than 1% of German voters, as they demand an unacceptable ethnic cleansing), that's what's called democracy and the sovereignty of a State. You can't turn every single German into a humanitarian from one day to the other. Seeing things more realistically, it's going to take more time for some than for others.
Peace out ✌
Réneise Francis
It is true as it explains the situation in Bautzen. This is one case that is particularly horrifying. But here these negative reactions towards immigrants are sadly the norm.
There is a conflict going on here fought out on the back of this young man and this is the first time he got a voice.
The hatred is not caused by the far right. The hatred is a reaction by many to the criminality and hatred shown by the left. The rioters were attacked because we are sick and tired of them.
Mar Di Paola
Horrible...
I think 2 million is total after all these years
Antifa aren't Nazis, they're more like Soviets
Why do these savages go to Europe?
I'm not finding anyone addressing the fact that Clinton/Obama pushed the Arab Spring to disrupt countries living in peace. They fell like dominos . The middle east has been a hotbed of tribal wars for thousands of years. It will never end. The progressive globalists have pushed this refugee agenda that they in fact created.
Michelle Bray as I said this is one exception...sad as it is. I am in Munich and do not see the same reality which is why the media would be well inspired to present such situations as what they are: individual cases, then of course there is also the option of using proper channels for recourse...or move out of Bautzen?
When leaders like Erdogan threaten to flood Europe with refugees, what does that say? They use these people as if they were weapons of war. They are just pawns in a bigger chess match in which the Europeans are afraid to make a calculated and favorable move. "Send us billions of Euros or we will open the floodgates." Even Gaddafi said muslims could  take over Europe without a single shot being fired. They should actually help these people by assisting them in rebuilding their lives at home and educating them so that they don't have to flee to make something of themselves and in turn, make their own country prosper. But that probably wouldn't help the big $$$$.
Yes Anne Draper, it does matter and how.
You sound like you are filled with hate
Those countries are racist! They do t help anyone
Germany and Austria tried really hard.
Yes, there are racists, yes there are morons. Just like everywhere else.
But there are also people who are still trying their best, organizing help, teaching german, helping with every-day struggles they have.
we are not perfect, but America isn't either.
Because Germany is not helping them, they are just bringing some young workforce for the old population dying cities..
Well said, Marie Francis.
Dennis W Khisa Is rape an Islamic problem then?
Das können die Amis leicht schreiben, wieviele Syrer und Consorten habt Ihr denn aufgenommen???
Jessica Lauricella Mills The Americans didn't have to invade other countries, they were happy by killing all indians in one rush!
Raphi Smith
Aless Hermitage something for your work?
"You don't want your home destroyed? Wow simple minded white supremacist"
Germans can be whatever they want to be, doesn't change what invaders do to them.
Karen Mixmax
Compassion leads to a rise in rapes, murders, and terrorism.
Carlos Cárdenas Velo todo. Está interesante.
When you forget history, you are doomed to repeat it.  Now we're doing the same things in this country, clamoring for the erasure of any and all memories of the War Between the States, whether those memories are set in a laudatory manner or simply in historical context.  And then we wonder why the far-right is coming out of the woodwork here.
Laura Lauritius
Jessica Lauricella Mills you obviously don't know what you are talking about.
Yeah i did
Babi Bose Sonya Sharif Jillian Seroka

Annemijn van Gent...
Clemens Graute
Michael
If they won't live here... GO. As easy is that.
The New York Times Stop telling stuff like this what's more difficult like you telling people!!!!! Shame you guys for posting this. Pfui.
Maybe you Americans should take care bout YOUR DUMMY LEADER FIRST. 😠
Lol
Thanks
Pull the strings..."Wag the Dogs of war ?" ;)

The movie 'Wag the Dog', shows a cynical however sometimes real perspective of the power of THE MEDIA, and the power of what we think is the Truth....remember put your faith in God, your parents, but not your friends.

Be careful with the agenda to promote chaos, war, and death....using  half-truths....truths that lie !

Not all your friends have your best interests in mind !  Be careful of who you think are your friends, sometimes they are their to use you... ! 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNo0BicRM8k
Manuela Twrsnick
I will tell you what Europeans really think: 
1. We welcomed them and realized that's it's a hard task, yes. However, we still believe it is doable. Thousands of Europeans have opened their hearts and homes, started donating, organizing events and helping out where they could. That is the main resource needed - kindness and love! And we still have plenty of this to give! 
2. I wonder where you get those numbers from? Rapes have not doubled! Of course there have been incidents, but how many incidents have there been in the US?!? In Germany non of my friends have had to make any experience of this kind - not even after the "invasion". Rape numbers in Sweden are high, but only because the majority gets reported. Numbers of rapes in the US would certainly double if the same percentage of women actually went to the police. And btw.. You must be quite naive if you think that women in the US are not seen as objects.. Unfortunately this is often the case all around the world and not only in Islamic countries 
3. We already have had the Islam in Europe before the "invasion" and it is part of our culture and lives - same way as Christianity, Buddhism or the Jewish religion is.. Europe has always been a melting pot of many different cultures and everyone can choose what to believe in. In my opinion religion always creates tensions and many times hatred and problems. Look at the situation in Myanmar, where the "peaceful" Buddhists are killing the Moslems! And Christianity as well is not the guarantee for love and peace, indeed it's stories are at parts quite violent and women are everything but equal! Just read the bible.. 
4. How do you know what refugees really seek? You have no idea of what those people went through just to get the chance of living a peaceful life! Their past, customs and identity are everything they have and still the big majority of them is happy to learn and adapt to the European way of life - it just takes a while.   
5. The real problem in our society are people like you! What makes you, an Italian living in Texas, any better? If everyone thought that way the world would be such a horrible place full of envy and hatred. You should be ashamed! People, open your hearts and make the world a better place!
yeah :\
This is so sad
Mmm
I'm from EU. These are all lies and BS. We don't want terrorism on our streets, we don't want vandals, raping, insecurity. They should all go back.
((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((KOCH)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
Andy Lin Yes, at the other end of the spectrum. They don't like to say it but they are primarily collectivists like communists.
Giada Alessandra Miozzo Battocchio just like your ancestors who went to their countries, wanted to live by their rules? Be happy that they are not trying to colonize you in your land the way your ancestors did in theirs. It goes both ways! You can't pillage and destroy others countries and then be like they don't want to play by our rules.
Khezia
Wake up, Western nations! The left are destroying you from the inside! From the core of your values, beliefs, culture, race and everything good you achieved, through your educational systems... If you don't resist now there will be no coming back from this!
L'Allemagne a un taux de natalité très faible voilà la réponse
Natalie Sophie
Linda Renland
Sa Beth
The things that are destroying the worlds humanity are what's tearing us all apart.
Peacr
Giovanna Dantas Simões
Katrina
NYT normalizing the Hijrah. They don't assimilate to the host culture.
As if women aren't viewed as objects in our culture? 

You have a way too flattering view of the West. Which makes sense, most people view their backgrounds more favorably. 

You should get mad at the US and Europe for pushing economic and war policies which created this refugee crisis. None of these people wanted to be refugees. They became it as a consequence of Western plutocrats and bankers quest for control over resources and profits.
Thanks Susanne. So true. White supremacists and their fear of the "other" are ruining the world!!
It is mindsets like yours that hinders our evolvement. We can have harmony and equality. It is possible, real and beautiful. It starts with our acceptance and compassion.
Because our own teens would totally "act more rationally" when placed under same circumstances? They wouldn't flip, break, or turn out jaded, angry, lost? Heck our kids can't even handle not having iPhones like their classmates, and start running away or rebelling.
Oh my god. Wow
Thank you for sharing
Lukas Cls
I hope all go to hell
Emilio Pons. I'm not American so I won't be bringing anyone to the US.  What I meant was shifting the focus to what Muslim countries are doing or not doing does not solve the problem.  My country is accepting lots of refugees and you have no idea whether or not I've sponsored anyone,  so you can shove your insults
Devika Mahabal
Tony Zhang
Luci Dennewill so much hatred in the world...
Kerry Ficht Florian Ficht
Anne Draper you want people who are from a completely different cultural, religious background to live in other countries. What do you have to offer, them? Jobs, acceptance? Besides, Germany has its own issues with their own homeless, unemployed, etc.
Tief, erklärend, erschreckend, weckend. Interessanter Bericht und Dokumentation welches einen spielerischen Umgang mit der Flüchtlingsthematik (ein Theaterstück) bietet.
Dennoch bleiben diese junge Männer, und das zeigt diese sehr gute Dokumentation auch, egal wie sehr oder wenig diese versuchen sich zu integrieren, eine gesamtstaatliche Problematik. Dieser müssen wir ALLE uns annehmen. Und das, so ist meine Meinung, wie es jede und jeder kann oder halt möchte.
Denn am Ende, das ist mein aktuelles Bild in Deutschland, ist jedem sein eigenes Hemd das nächste. Dabei gelten "Probleme" die sehr nahe, direkt und/oder persönlich sind, genau diejenigen die das Bild malen.
😡 I'm glad not everybody is hating and that the majority (I believe) is welcoming! And the theatre workshop is a wonderful thing! Should have shown that to the dutch guy..
We will be proud of the Eu in 50 or 60 years because we will co-live in peace
Nicola Decker
I see your point but shall we talk about how Europe raped these so called immigrants countries?europeans invaded them and we know how it played out.
Europeans invaded America, Africa, Asia and Oceania for centuries robbing, killing the natives, putting them in slavery and taking all of the fortunes from or lands. You imperialistic politics has literally created the wars that refugees are coming from so you have the responsibility os taking them, because your countries have made their horrible, you have the money because you robbed from your colonies.
And you must keep in your mind that during the first and Second World War America has welcome millions of Europeans refugees. 
The sustainable growth you want, you have robbed from the rest or the world their chance of having it, and the European lifestyle from the last century was literally paid by the developing and underdeveloped countries riches that your imperialist and colonialism policy robbed from us .
WHO are YOU New York Times to have the impudence to paint a picture like this about Germany. I would advise you to start with your own country first!!! Maybe you should start and take in millions of refugees... oh well but why would you?
It's very sad
Maria Akinyemi you sound like you are filled with fruit-loops.
Maria Autran
Lyza Aid pourquoi est ce que ca sonne comme ce que les européens ont fait  au 90% des pays durant les conquêtes xdxd
Aaa QQM MM MOO M L LMMM MMM MMM.NML
Idiota
Why not?
So you're European, an insider so to speak??? 🤔
Miguel Backal Galia Sheinberg
Dagmar Person so not islamic terrorism then?
What a powerful and sad commentary on the world's humanity today.
By giving them
ACCESS!
Roland Carter
Nicolas Laruaz 👏🏻
always have some fucktards
Jiazhen Kelly Lin This is a older story though, as far as I know they tried to make is image better again. Probably too late though. Damage has been done
Giacomo Uguzzoni
That is right Alexander, it is planned in advance with the specific objective to influence the electorate. Imagine if it were the other way around, against mass immigration, preservation of german cultural values, that would be "rascist". The newspapers fullfill the needs and wants dictated to them by a small, liberal, leftist oriented group. It is a divide and conquer agenda.
Neil Mo You got that right. That is fear mongering of people with conservative brain structures. White supremacists do far more damage than the so called islamic terrorists, but the media doesn't put a spotlight on it in the same way.
It's funny because Malaysia is accepting refugees but no one wants to come.......... I guessed the refugees prefer European countries......
Alejandro Ándale Cae SarPhilipp MaschnerPaul MüllerPhil More
Well...... Malaysia do accept refugees but the refugees will always prefer to be in European countries........
Deport them.
I've spent time there and racism is alive and well. If the controls on starting business and innovation weren't so stringent, there'd be no need for mass immigration.
Again?
Se va beh ma quella è la Sassonia, in Sassonia l'NPD fa tipo il 5% alle elezioni nazionali. E un po come fare il reportage sul razzismo in Italia e andare a Treviso ad intervistare solo leghisti. Cioè è brutto ma non è che mi sorprenda molto.
I deeply apologize for the hostile filtering, you've gone through. We all filter. I don't see competent drivers on the freeway, only the ones that may be higher risk. People don't see poor people on the street, only people that look like our coworkers. 

It seems insurmountable to me, to communicate with anybody that's filtering me out of their reality. The disruption needed may be enough to not only break their filter, but also make them angry at me. A great sense of humor, and enormous patience, may be the only way. Best of luck!
Nicolas Laruaz what du you know about the US  .?  I'm  German and I think it's Pointless to comment on your statement you're in France... Look at AFD votes  there is a problem so is in France.
that romeo and juliet rap tho
I typed that before I finished the video and am now regretting my upbeat mood while appreciating their play. I am sad now.
How about this Marie Francis, what about doing the right thing and being good people? Assimilation will come if you have good intentions and try to reach out instead of demonizing others as a default position.
Luci Dennewill fair enough though- their rap was amazing 😂 but it is such a sad story
it was, and it is. I will never understand people that joke like that about suicide. never.
Ryan Campion AFD just got 13% (still too much), and on the streets of big German city's are a lot of Germans  protesting against Neo-nazis. Maybe the fight isn't over 💪🏽
https://www.facebook.com/ZDFheute/videos/10155810644305680/ 

That is an other example of what Germany looks like! We are protesting against racism and parties like far right AFD!
Krishna, The US is run by a neo nazi racist in chief.. No one other than white christian male is safe here.. US is on a free fall ..
Is there anyone who gives a FCK about Europeans' life?! None. We were betrayed and abandoned. Case closed.
Marc Friedli might interest you. such a good documentary!
Ali İhsan Çıngıl
Leon Spielmann
Bruno Cerchi
My name is human..
Christine Scheiermann unbedingt anschauen
Adobe, you have to go back.
Sara Mendez
Bridges are bigger than walls...
The are more good people in the world.. I believe !!
Imran Khan
Sara Hong 😰😰😰😰mano
I agree with some of your reasoning, but it's not that simple, it's complex.........
Alot of those people who are so called moslims don't realy know what Islam is, lots are brain washed !
Jessica, could you please send me ticket to Valhalla, I want to be in your alternate Universe.
Not being fueled by hate and speaking up against it = brain washed? Suuuure
Jessica Thomas OK, I'm generalizing because that's the majority of the people that are refugees.  Obviously, if they  were successful people of means, and educated they wouldn't be in the position they're in .  Ignore the obvious if it makes you feel better.. But allowing people into ANY country that don't share common values and social norms is a recipe for disaster..
The New York Times: please check the facts! "Almost 2 mio refugees came to Germany in 2015" is not true. 890.000 refugees came to Germany in 2015 and 321.000 refugees came to Germany  in 2016.
That's bloody  prop! New York Times, you're disgrace even for MSM!  This is #fakenews!
Rosario Beck-Rey  refugees are being given a chance to live their lives away from violence and starvation.  We have people here from all sorts of cultural and religious backgrounds. Our country is founded on immigrants. During the 1970s we took in thousands of refugees from the Vietnam War.  They have gone on to contribute hugely to our society.  I expect people who are coming now will do the same. We have issues with homelessness and unemployment, too. I don't think any country on earth is without those social problems.  Doesn't mean we have to stop helping other people.  I'm not sure what your point is.
which country?
From your profile I can't see where are you from.
https://www.nzz.ch/feuilleton/afrikas-tragoedie-stoppt-die-entwicklungshilfe-ld.1313718
Nienie Lim most of them have never heard of Malaysia 🙄😒
Nienie Lim  most immigrants go to the smaller cities of their countries, then they go to neighbors countries, very few have the Money and resources to go to Europe
No one leaves home unless home is the mouth of a shark
Melissa Harris
Tala

Anna Alina
Philipp Randollini Alexander Kalkbrenner
Rosario Beck-Rey http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/wirtschaftswissen/angus-deaton-spricht-sich-gegen-entwicklungshilfe-aus-13862121.html
Konstantin Pro...
Milena
Dori, im watching this!
This video is American propaganda.  The reality in Germany is very different.
Jessica Lauricella Mills Christianity is from the Middle East.
I like how you take Bautzen as an example, which is propably one of the worst places in to live as an immigrant Germany.
The majority in Bautzen has recently voted the AfD, which is the political Party in Germany who is closest to right extremists as you can be as a Politician.

But hey, we don`t wanna be fair, we just wanna show you how bad the World is...
Obviously if you are in Germany for two and a half years and you still don’t speak the language “but you have problems with the nazis and the police” because the NY Times told you to say so in this interview, you cleary do not belong to Germany because you are having problems to integrate, there are more then half a dozen neighboring countries to where you are from that speak your native tounge and your integration would have been effortless...
First thing I thought about was I want to save his life. So much talent. being wasted because of anger and hate.
Erin Bromhead
Jason Zeldes I see some real parallels to your film here
No one has rights to roll into any country without a valid Visa
The country where you want to settle has to have sustainability because taxpayers have to foot the bill 
I don’t blame Germans and other Europe countries
That's the point, they want to have a religious core formed within Christian countries. Whether religious or not, Muslims will always be supportive of other Islamic, Shariah Law governed Nations.
When you let millions of refugees in your country, you don't get integration or assimilation, you get takeover -
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZRsLTo_GWQ
sujet brûlant et difficile!
Jens Trudewind
ein so trauriges Thema
Exactly. Sorry bout that.
Graciela Orlate esta en ingles pero es bueno verlo
Meems Ha
Farah Mokhtar watch this
Berry Randal
Anke Kalkbrenner
Wow!  Sensitive.  Lots of comments!
and his twenty-four punishments, which he committed here, is not mentioned? escapes from violence, etc. from his country and behaves in the same way? completely wrong this report ...
Matthias Beyer
Mäximilian Retörsch
what a sick propaganda , shame
Minh und Vinni Pukh .. das meinte ich am Samstag. Die zeigen hier auch den König Abode
If Germany is such an awful place, full of hatred and right-wingers, why are they staying? I am so sick of this kind of undifferentiated reporting, always portraying immigrants and refugees as victims of the bad, bad Germans...
Thomas Ritter
Please watch this Magda Dafne, it made an impact for me
Shalomka!!😀😀
Another 2 mil and there will be no hatred.
Let us not forget that they receive more in welfare in Germany that what they earned at home. Maybe, just maybe, that has something to do with it all.
Marie Eis
Aga Depta that is BS and you know it
Das Problem bleibt, dass diese Regierung dem Volk nicht vorschreiben kann, wie es deren Entscheidung zu akzeptieren hat. Es gibt weder die Kapazitäten, noch die Gelder, noch den Zusammenhalt um ein Projekt dieser Größenordnung im Alleingang zu stemmen! Und wenn jeder der Flüchtlinge bei uns, eine auf ihn angepasste Einzelbehandlung nach seinen Bedürfnissen einfordert, fährt der Zug definitiv gegen die Wand. 💥 Hilfesuchende sollen notwendige Hilfe erhalten! Aber Deutschland kann nicht für die Versäumnisse aller Staaten, Kriege, Diktaturen und Finanzhaie die Lösung und Abladeplatz globaler, religiöser und ethnischer Probleme sein - ausgetragen auf den Rücken der vielen ehrenamtlichen Helfer, die noch die Zeit und Nerven besitzen, sich uneigennützig, neben eigener Probleme, um die Angelegenheiten anderer zu bemühen! Wenn man den überflüssigen Haufen von 700 selbstverliebten Abgeordneten und deren 100.000de "Mitarbeiter" aus dem Bundestag entfernt und die Bezüge streicht - hätte man schon viel Platz und Mittel gewonnen. 👌
Leonie Schrader
I'm not sure who my people are that you are referring to, Julia. I also was unaware I had the power to stop invasions. Please explain to me where this power I have is because if I could I would totally get people to have educations that lead to jobs so they can lead stable lives instead of starting wars. As far as I know I'm a poor artist with a farm trying to educate people about the realities of agriculture and cross the urban/rural divide.
I would appreciate you not telling me what I'm apparently tired of.
if you cant think just blame Europe just like newspapers do
Valerio Tinda
Tanya Mahbubani
Noah David Reason Wafawarova check this out!






Steffen Siegle
Amer Maghmoumah
Romina Dam 
I live in cologne Downtown. That day you are Talking about, 30000 People demonstrated in the City against the AFD. It was a Great day for democracy! I whished your Friends had joined us!
87% did not vote for AFD Last sunday in Germany. 
In the west part of germany the AFD is much weaker then in former East Germany.
Its all not that simple to explain. 
We in germany have the same right movement like the USA and the other EU countries. We all have to try to turn back this Bad movement. 
And I know nobody in cologne Who thinks differeny then me. We are shocked about the hate vote. Especially men from East Parts and poorer areas in Germany.
Living in Germany beeing blonde and German I can assure you: most people did not vote right. Most people still like it to be helpfull in one of the many private initiatives. We wonder why government does not use that helpfull potential to empower integration.
It was a bit under 900.000 asylum seekers, not 2 million. You should correct that asap.

Also, I agree that the growing right is a huge problem, but I still fear this video does not pay the necessary respect to the thousands of professionals and volunteers which do their best to make the newly arrived feel like they're part of the German society.
Cemil Ögüt
I never asked for them to come. In fact I, like millions of others screamed to be heard, but was ignored. Now it is obvious that we were right, yet we are the ones who will pay for the mistakes of the political class. Europe is ours, not some cake to be divided among the world's peoples by ideologues who did not bake it
how does a baker in stuttgart have any influence on what country NATO, the USA and the UN decide to bomb next????
Jessica Lauricella Mills  spend a week or two as a volunteer in one of those refugee camps and we should see how fast your naive pink bubble bursts. 🤦‍♂️
Holger Ha Bubu Randalino Chino Carlito 🤦🏼‍♂️
Mohamed Maher
Hmn
Let the truth be said it's true not all places in Germany are racist but for the case of Bautzen don't even dare defend the town I went there just for a visit but regret accept that Bautzen is a dark part of German with narrow minded people coz people were running away from me and children crying coz am black i had never expected this in civilised country like Germany so don't dare blame the refugees that they are not angels and don't dare support the hell they went thru let facts stay facts
890.000 refugees came in 2015, in 2016 numbers went down to about 400.000. By the end of 2016 the total Muslim population in Germany was 5,7%. So not nearly enough to call it an "invasion". rape cases have increased but not nearly as doubled, a minister of Bavaria, Joachim Herrmann, misspoke on that matter and has said so himself.  Most rape cases by refugees were among refugees, which doesn't make it better - but the narrative of refugees being out to rape German women is too simple and not true. Also I wonder who exactly is starting a "culture war" here
We are all Abode...
That Abode is a stubborn guy. Why is he drawing police attention as a black guy. And did they deport him back to Libya?
Sanya Srivastava ugh
Wait a second, this is something that is happening in Germany but only in a few cities in the east. They have been condemned by the rest of the country and the rest of the country rallies against this kind of behaviour. The difference between what's going on in the US and this is that we don't have a leader who justifies this kind of behaviour, but actively works against it.
Alex Gornov
Thank you @marie francis
Screw you NYT for your one-sided video. You conveniently forgot to mention about New Year's Eve 2015 in Cologne, when around 1000 migrants mass harassed/brutally groped hundreds of women, when savages brought  they're Tahrir square to they're unsuspecting German hosts. Cologne was just the tip of the iceberg, it happened in other German cities the same night as well, although in smaller numbers. So don't you dare portraying East Germans or conservatives as right extremists or even Nazis! 
FYI: we had many refugees ~25 ago in Germany because of the war in former Yugoslavia. But those refugees weren't causing any problems. If you see hate growing it's because of too many bad apples among nowadays migrants, nobody appreciates a bad attitude and misbehavior.
Why don't you go back to serious journalism instead of this one-sided feel-good crap?
Speak for yourself. Some Europeans still welcome them...
Einseitige Berichterstattung ist nicht gut. Man muss die Zusammenhänge sehen.
Jay Camara Samir Princé Haruna
Maik Keppel
Konstantinos Ilinas Umar Keppel
Dumb americans..look at your own problems
COME BACK TO ITALY.
Tayfun Tribiani eklige nazis
Damt 🔪🐸
Gilda-Rae Grell 😱😱😱
💯⚽️🏆TAKİP ET SENDE KAZAN⚽️🏆💯

Dear God
In death, a member of Project Mayhem has a name. His name is Robert Paulson
Antje Kühn
Thanks for sharing
Hello
Hi
I hope our Caribbean neighbors are able to rise above the devastation as well. #CaribbeanStrong
So sad. It's my cousin taking the video
Kate Mallary
It's so sad, I'm so sorry!!
You from my friend
:(🙏
Amanda Baldus thanks 🙏🏾
Cailey Bureau :(
Call Obama, Hilary, Nancy immediately!
I agreed, yes to the request.
Okay no problem
Sure!! Have a good weekend!
Thanks
Stacie, did you see this video of Dominica? 😢
Raul A. Guerrero
Larissa Seeber this is so sad! 😢😢
Good God from Zion! Where do you start? May you have the courage to rebuild bigger and better!
Comrade, you're not going to win hearts and minds like that.  You'll land in Yakutsk if you keep posting such obvious nonsense.
Zaki Swellam
Cynthia Germain Bazinet   Nah. I disagree but thx for your thoughts
Such devastation.  Where do you start?
Anyone complaining about anything today gets a copy of this.
You not WhatsApp number
Ok, looks like our Senate better get back in there and make it a 650 billion dollar military budget, rather than a 700 billion one. Our infrastructure is already horrendous, given the weather we've been getting lately, putting that much into military upgrades is tom foolery. Oh wait... the whole world hates us and we need to be ready, I forgot.
#Caribbeanstrong praying for the people of Dominica #blessings to all
Don't have one
Linda Irvin
So heartbreaking.  Relief organizations are stretched beyond their means, so it is likely they will wait for help.  Horrible.
Camille Lill
Give one
No thanks!
What please
Viriato Ignacio Neto, Flavia Graciani
Oyeme, esos techos estuvieron bien fuertemente agarrados!!!!
My messenger seam ID
Me sorprenden mucho las preguntas y repuestas de los periodistas de CNN Español por sus comentarios de la manera que se dirige el presidente Trump al líder norcoreano, Kim Jong-un; que es un demente Kim Jong-un ¿sí? Es un LOCO y me justa el tono del presidente Trump y lo dice con mucha valentía, con mucha firmeza e indignación de un mandatario contra un asiático Loco Kim; con los ejercicios militares con bombas nucleares que afecta el cinturón de fuego del Pacífico, que nos está destruyendo el mundo con terremotos, tornados y viene lo peor maremoto con terremotos continuos
Kuumba Frederick
That's insane...poor Dominica
These Islands need help for sure...but there needs to be a watchdog to ensure any $ goes where and to who it is meant!
Los dos están locos y sólo un loco como Trump provoca a otro loco, sin importarle las consecuencias.
We love it there, especially the markets. 😢🙏
😢😢😢
Syria - Adelb - Southern countryside ... About 5 hours ago, this child was burned alive .. He is a member of the village of Kafr Sijna .. The only child of his parents .. The Russian submarines launched several missiles, one of which fell near him .. Not only, But many people, including the large and small in many areas died today .. In the light of the weakness of the international community .. This is the Russian terrorism on Syria .. Terrorists kill Nothots who were killed ... Saving the Syrian people
Save  Syrian Cheldrens

Syria - Adelb - Southern countryside ... About 5 hours ago, this child was burned alive .. He is a member of the village of Kafr Sijna .. The only child of his parents .. The Russian submarines launched several missiles, one of which fell near him .. Not only, But many people, including the large and small in many areas died today .. In the light of the weakness of the international community .. This is the Russian terrorism on Syria .. Terrorists kill Nothots who were killed ... Saving the Syrian people
Save  Syrian Cheldrens

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3oedW35B1U
It's just too much to process.  I hope the devastation is over, that aid is en route, and that the rebuilding process can begin soon.  Heartbreaking.
Mike Guadarrama
Sophia Otto 😢
Ugh
So sad
Alana Piersanti de Normand Vivien Piersanti crazy!
Donyelle Ann Bird Mac Gardner Elke Pelks
I look at that footage and wonder how they even start to rebuild and return to how they were pre storm. It’s just terribly sad and heart breaking.
Jake Levenson did you see this 😳
Effects of a damaged planet?
Prayers to all. We will support financially. Wish I could be there to help. God Bless.
Yvette Hammel Ryan Hammel
I am so sorry Dominica a lovely little island.
So sad we have a few family friends in Dominica
Sweet Dominica! 😢😢😢😢
AJ Guarente 💔
Does anyone know of the best animal rescue org to donate to right now? For abandoned pets in Puerto Rico?
Hope you get help to rebuild your beautiful island. Prayer for the people of 🇩🇲
I haven't.  Thank you for sharing it.  There has been very little info thus far.  Unbelievable!
Hello I just saw your post that your cousin was taking the video. Is there any way that he can find out about an area in Dominica
So heartbreaking seeing  the level of devastation ! Hopefully, adequate resources will show up soon.
There are no words
Tonya Strickland-Lawrence  hi not sure i think he is with the PM at the UN. I am so sorry for Dominica I hope you are able to get through to your family
JUST SO SAD FOR EVERYONE AFFECTED BY THIS HURRICANES
THE NEW YORK TIMES
Terry Marshall
My home😔😞
God bless Donna Winston St Jean and Mclean StJean
Hideous for the Dominican people
Sad for us.
This people in its majority living in poverty. 
And now what difficulty Will have them. 
They survived but their future.
If lose all they had.
We cannot help them because living us in same conditions. 
But the international aid soon will come we hope the government of Dominican be correct and no taken for they the aid.
I live in el Salvador and here when occurred a thing like this members of government appropriated of the best which the international community gave
Excellent report of this communication agency
Leiv Sadigursky
And you served when?
I have been wondering the same thing. I want to donate but want it to go to the right people.
Gillian Hernandez-Vidal
Jennifer Gizzi Rhodes awful
Holy hell
Hema Patel
Nicole Bargoti
😭😭😭 I hadn't seen this yet
Unbelievably sad
heartbreaking...
So sad I have a person I loved dearly in my teens in Dominica. Praying he is ok. I loved my visit there...the scent of the  lemongrass leaf will never leave my memory.
Prayers
Muy buena Jajajajajajajajajajajaja
Zatae Fraser Monfet...look on humane society international and ASPCA. they should have specific info on their site and well trusted. Listening to NPR today from a man representing an animal shelter in deep need. I'm going to be donating!!!
🙏✝️
sad very sad :(
Terrible just terrible....God be with them all!
:O
Praying for the people of Puerto Rico.
Really,James P Harris? If I served my opinion matters, and if I didn't, no? Many of those serving right now see no other way out of this economy,  moving forward. The rest are patriots fooled by war for profit. 15 of the 19 men in 9/11 were Saudi and we hit Iraq.  I'm proud to have not served in this war for profit,  and if you did, I'm glad you made it out alive.  Your government could care less about your ignorant patriotic life.
Maria crushed 🇩🇲 Dominica
This video has nothing to do with pets in Puerto Rico though...
Horrendous!
Kate Feldhausen Haileigh Tetzlaff😭
Frank Anthony
We loved our trip to Dominica a decade ago.  It's heartbreaking to see the devastation!  Of course, we are wondering most about the people we met there--warm-hearted Bertrand Baptiste and Linda Hyland & Jenny Andreoli at the Zandoli Inn.
So sad....I love this little island and it;s people
Omg....prayers for the people of Dominica.
Dominica was one of the prettiest islands left unspoiled.
It is one of our logistics company's niche markets and we have many friends and customers devastated. Please don't forget Dominica!  Contact 
Enquiries @Kestrel.com if we can help with sending relief goods from the U.K. , Miami, Antigua and Barbados
Dominica is such a beautiful country. It was sad to hear the prime minister ask for a helicopter to survey the damage.  Americans do not appreciate how lucky we are.
v. sad.
Shanna HP Dominica
☹️💔🙏
E aí? Que você acha disso?
Raul A. Guerrero, que só a misericórdia de Deus
Courtney Ann
Patrick Mixa
Triple ToeJam...oh my gosh. Heartbroken.
Look like very much angry till this happened. ... hmmm
Lisa-Marie Fe
I left Dominica one day before Hurricane David devastated this island for years. I stayed in Guadeloupe during this Hurricane and experienced this catastrophe and saw the destruction. I can never forget it. It's about 38 years ago. The people told me that Hurricane David was the strongest Hurricane since 16 years. It's a horrendous natural catastrophe.
Daniella Hicks
Horrendous 😢
Praying  for  those  affected  by natural  disaster and return to  normal life. Natural disaster can happen to any country and everyone now.
God. I don't know who to help first, or how to help, wisely, so that money gets to these people...and the people in Texas, and Puerto Rico, and Mexico, and the Rohyngia, and the Syrians. Seriously. What is the best way to do that?
God bless ...be strong .....from Fiji......
Lilliana Kok
Markus Hupfer
Ruthine Strindholm
So sad! My prayers are with you!
Gori Na
Heartbreaking
Danielle Dunham Jack Harrington I was correct in my pronunciation. So hmph
Kdub Crisco
Sarah Vera 😭
😰
No Words, eco Island at its  Best, Love Dominica. I Remember seeing a school bus in the Botanical Gardens from previous storm, These people have been here before and will prevail x
Terrible to see the island like this
God bless you all.
😧😧😧😧😧
I found out this week that someone I know has a son and daughter-in-law on Dominica.  They checked-in with the University the day after the storm, but the father hasn't personally heard from them.  They are licensed EMTs.
So sad.
Casey Caldwell
Chalks Corriette 💙
Waiting for Elissa to get home <3
Some homes are uninsurable because we get hit too often with weather issues. Makes life rather complex as we have to re-build ourselves. X
I can't imagine the pain our friends in Portsmouth Harbor are going through
I lived in the Dominican Republic when hurricane David. After the hurricane passed I went to survey a poor neighborhood that sided with our middle class block.
The neighborhood was gone, only a couple of old stoves remain on the lot.
It was surreal.
Mark Hansen
Jason Green
Has anyone looked in to a place you can donate to the suffering human beings in Dominica?? 🤔
Animals are sentient beings and suffer terribly...they cannot call for help. I don't appreciate you making light of animals drowning. I donate to human causes all the time, there are literally hundreds of organisations who will be on the ground in puerto Rico. God i dislike people who think animals are so far down the list of those in need.
Heartbreaking!
God bless you all
Haley Leonard  👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
I visited Dominica in 2004. It is a lovely island with lovely people.
Celia Gordon Mario Robin
So sad
Petrina Brown
Our logistics company Kestrel Liner Agencies has chartered the roll on / roll off Admiral Bay 2 from Barbados to Dominica on Tuesday. Free space is still available 

Contact 
Kestrel Liner Agencies Ltd - Barbados
Gladstonia Building, Fontabelle, St Michael, Barbados, W.I.
Barbados
Tel: 246-435-2826
Fax: 246-228-1792
Contact: Calvin Alkins (Operations) 
Email: calkins@kestrel.com 
Phone Number: 246-436-3146
Contact: Terry Jones (Sales) 
Email: tjones@kestrel.com 
Phone Number: 246-234-2391
Catherine Vidal  Ian Vidal
Pero que tiene que ver con el huracán?
we need to help them...
Chiara Di Rocco
That scent is so pure, so sweet.
We are never alone, God is with us always
Omg
what a tragedy!
Lydia Sanchez
Steven
Pamela Farrell-Webb I appreciate what you are saying, but puerto Rico will get help. This video is about Dominica.
This is about Dominica. Go on a post about Puerto Rico.
Esta no es la República Dominicana. Esta es Dominica.
It is horrible. I am very grateful my aunt survived.
These small nations suffer at the hands of the larger polluting nations! We have to get serious about climate change. We owe the citizens of the world to save Mother Earth before we destroy the planet in the name of greed and profit.
Eva Powel
Oh Dominica-Where we hiked to the boiling lake and drank many jack and cokes!
Carter Travia
Please do an article on Prime Minister Skerritt's insightful speech to an empty hall at the UN yesterday on how countries like Dominica bear the brunt of climate change which they do not cause.
I've also seen immense destruction after the hurricane passed. Unforgettable impressions.
PLEASE, HELP, United Nations...PLEASE.
Weldon KelsickHave you heard from your family?  This is just heartbreaking.  😢
Delicia Sȃnto
I am so sad for the losses here!
Misha Tsidulko
I know ARF was active there.
University is not a place for Comey, “university” is made of “uni-“ and “-verso”.
Were the protestors trampled and arrested like they were in St. Louis?
What exactly was the point of this demonstration?
Poor guy can’t catch a break
Policing black communities shouldn't  be something people should protest.. what they should request  is having  a diverse group of officers in their  neighborhoods.. you can't  have a bunch of white cops policing a black community thats a recipe for disaster.. but people  should  stop viewing the police as the  enemy  because they are not the enemy.. the gun men killing entire families and recruiting young black kids into gangs are the real enemies.
So much for free speech and the intelligence of the youth.
That's okay mueller time....remember Nixon.....
Have you watched the video?  It is clearly stated that these protests are about his comments about policing in the black community
So some Howard U students disrupted Former FBI Director James Comey speech. Ok but like or dislike him, he will go down in history as the man that SAVED America’s Democracy by STARTING the investigations against Trump, Manifort, Flynn, Kushner and the rest of the National Treason Party! 

Comey is my homie!
He got a tastes of his own medicines
I think it would have been better to ask him about it and try to hold him publicly accountable. Sometimes I feel like protests miss the mark.
Greatest what exactly? 
The man handed trump the presidency. Trump fired him for thier disagreement and frankly he didn't need him anymore.
Destroyer of a nation!
Sessions is not doing his job. How can we have trust in a government unless those who have broken the the law are brought to justice.The only crimes committed was when Comey obstructed justice by conspiring with Lynch and Obama to protect Hillary from prosecution for conspiring to disseminate classified information to Sid Blumenthal and to cover up Clinton Foundation pay for play using her State Department position. The email server and destruction of evidence under subpoena was only some of many crimes she committed.

He understands..
Because Comey threw the election? Free speech is one thing, but disrupting another's right to speak is not - same thing that happened with Nancy Pelosi. The protesters spoke, but would not let her reciprocate, as they chanted what their leader read from a script. You can protest a speaker, but when you drown them out, it's crossing the line of your free speech impinging on another's.
What a bunch of fools
Here goes a conversation starter:  Why did you feel the need to make a public statement regarding an aid's (Huma Abedin) emails to Hillary (which you knew was nothing) immediately preceding the 2016 election when you clearly had substantial evidence the Trump Campaign was conspiring & colluding with Russia to undermine the U.S. electoral system?
Ok, but I completely understand their point. They're talking about his previous racist assertions related to criminal justice in black communities and that was not acceptable. I just wish they would raise the concerns in a way that actually facilitated a real dialogue that could help us move forward instead of merely shouting him down.
That's called doing his job. You need to choose your homies more wisely
Totally agree. Community policing is a really effective way to build trust between officers and the community, and cities can start but having a more diverse police force. Removing policing entirely only creates problems in the long run.
Lock him up!
I didn't see that, I just heard a bunch of chanting. I did realize they were black students.
❤️ it ! Comey is my Homie!
All lives matter
How odd that he would have been invited.
Thanks Comey for handing the Presidency to Trump even though you had been investigating him DISCREETLY since the Summer of 2016 for possible collusion w Russia!
Aaron Jeffrey Your's doesn't!
WHY DOES HOWARD KEEP DOING THIS?
Idiots
Probably sent in by the Trump people.
that guy is a total disaster, would not do his job, just played at it
I'm so glad I left the US...
This seem like a good way to hand the next election to dotard trumputin...
#Fake Russian Trollbot
trump must be just as proud as punch of these "protesters"...  little do they know what awaits them with the 'trump effect'
He cost Hillary Clinton the presidency. He cannot undo what has happened since. We could have had a true president
Steve Lloyd ..you talk like a nazi saying people's lives dont matter.. disgusting !
Still waiting on that evidence
It seems the Howard University students forgot the message from Barack Obama's magnificent commencement speech last year at Howard.  President Obama admonished the students that while it is all well and good to "protest," none of it counts if you don't actually participate in your democracy.  I'd like to know how many of today's protesters sat out the presidential election last year.
Is that your well-reasoned opinion?  Or is it the dogmatic babbling of an individual in total cognitive surrender?
The age of discourtesy and lack of respect continues. No matter what happens soon there is a situation doubling down on everything negative. Cursing Comey in a vile manner- why? Because he didn't do what you wanted? If Loretta Lynch came to speak would these same people act the same because Lynch's meeting with Bill Clinton precipitated Comey's involvement?
He’s not of friend to BLACK PEOPLE he’s been rejected, so have you. 🖕🏽

Mahmoud Qotz , I would have liked to know what comments they didn't like.
How can it be a conversation starter when you've set out a hypothetical not supported by facts?
Alan Hill friend of yours?
What a bunch of morons
I was going to say!!!....I think we owe him!
You really have to wonder why Obama refused to investigate so many matters related to the election even though they were brought to his attention?
Doesn't take long for trolls & Putin bots to enter.  Lol
Protesters are dumb shits. This man has done nothing to have this happen to him. Protesting is a huge waste of time no matter what the cause or reason is.
This is not how you get your message across.  This is not how you gain support for your cause.  I agree with Maureen Callahan.
Julien Maxime exactly.. I think  a lot of people  keep missing the mark on the real issues affecting these communities.. I think a lot black folks automatically  view  the police as the "bad guys" and have this deep hate for cops, when the police really aren't  the problem in my opinion.. these neighborhoods  have a lot of uneducated  people who have turned to a life of crime and violence, So l  think when you add that with all the guns available  to the gangsters in these neighborhoods  and their hate for law enforcement most cops who police these same black communities are in fear for their lives..  things will never  change until people start trusting the police and seeing more officers  that resemble themselves in their communities.
Mahmoud Qotz  No matter what Comey said or did right before the election, RUSSIA had already swayed the Election. Please follow the investigation facts: Trump et al worked with Russia to win election. Russia used cyber warfare and espionage to put Trump in WH. Comey did not do that! Place the blame where it lays. Trump/Russia
I find it odd that HU would invite Comey to speak at their commencement. However, I'll admit that I'm a little amused by how clearly uncomfortable he is on that stage.
Wasn't aware Comey had some agenda against black people?  I think people just like to chant and protest for no valid reason sometimes.  The fact he was invited there to speak means a good number of people wanted to listen to him, and to just drown him out in chants for 15+ minutes is idiotic
Obviously a bunch of idiots period.
He was invited.  That makes him a guest.  Please, a little civility.
Nevada Smith So communities should trust the police first? Some enforceable publicly debated ethical standards would be part of this I hope. Body cams that stay on. Limits on weapons.
Amazing how so many persons effecting some level of education are so clueless on real facts. From Obama's gross negligence regarding problems related to the election, to Loretta Lynch's gross negligence, to Comey's mishandling of the entire situation. Darn, no wonder Trump got elected.
That be hashtagged like for real! #Comeyismyhomie
Agreed
OR, he will go down in history as the man who felt some odd duty to tell the WHOLE WORLD the FBI was taking just one more look at Hillary's emails while he somehow forgot about tRump and every last soul associated with him being under investigation for every earthly sin under the sun! Nope... I'm inclined to feel a bit sorry for Comey, but I ain't mad at these students.
Ok now why are they protesting this guy
Julie Umek Yes people should trust the police.. how can you expect help from someone  you don't  trust? I'm  a black man so It's  not like im against  black people.. but this anti cop thing isn't  helping  the black communities  and the police isn't  the problem.. the gangs and drug dealers are the problem the robbers and rapist are the problem. The police can't  do their job if no one is willing to cooperate with them.. and when they think you hate them they're  automatically  on their guard  against you.. but if you work with the police i think  there can be change in my opinion
Like Comey or dislike him with respect to his political leanings, I believe that he is one of the few true American patriots.  He is not perfect but he should never have been removed from office.  I like the sentiment behind the protesting but I personally find it not useful.  There are plenty of other people that it would be more useful and deserving to protest 😒.

And with respect to everyone saying he handed Trump the presidency, I genuinely believe he was just following crazy investigation leads and made a mistake by making the leads he was following concerning Clinton public before he finished his investigation.  I know he regrets it and he is no fan of Trump if one actually follows what he said during the hearings.  He knows Trump is not competent enough to be president and that his incompetence is dangerous.
So proud of these young people at my alma mater.
This is only question worth asking. Comey threw the election to a Traitor.
dumb
Comey is a good man
Give the lad a break you rich kids who think your above the law...spoilt little shits !
Gee, another Deep State Sellout is interrupted (yawn)
He destroyed the chance of Dems getting a majority in the senate, and some seats in congress :-(.
"Clearly had substantial evidence"? Your statement is without any support in the public record. In other words, you're making it up. There may someday be evidence in support of your contention but not right now. If you really wanted to start a conversation: Despite evidence presented to him of serious irregularities and possible foreign interference in the election process Barack Obama decided to delay any investigations. When Obama finally acted his steps were fairly insubstantial. Was Barack Obama grossly negligent in his performance of the duties of president, or based upon his analysis of the evidence did Pres Obama conclude allegations of outside interference in the election process were likely false?
Comey will go down in history as the man who's meddling almost destroyed democracy in America by putting enough doubt on Clinton that it gave Trump the edge.  His violation of Justice Department policy on staying silent during election periods is the enabling factor that started all of this.  The investigations into Trump should have been initiated years ago by the State of New York.
Rod Scott  Explain how he is not a “Friend to Black People” what factual evidence do you have on that?

Morons are white people.
Laura Ahearn Meyerson I doubt anyone is a Russian anything. In fact, the whole similarity to "Commie!" is sickening. 

Anyway, the gentleman makes a point about Loretta Lynch. Her conduct was inexcusable and the (no pun) lynchpin of everything which occurred related to Comey.
Rod Scott Yo, disrespecting a sista and one raised in South LA by giving me the finger in foul. If you disagreed, fine but all that was disrespectful. Yet, Comey is not a friend to blacks. You just showed how you are not a friend to a black woman yourself. ✌🏽🙏🏽
Bass Mainer  omg you are so racist and intollerant
Denise La Lande respond to the substantive comments, not the obvious baiting.
The villains are Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton, yet they get a pass while rather unintelligent kids act out. Loretta Lynch should be the person on the dissection table, yet...
Randy Meier you do understand that Russia interfered with the election by dropping voter rolls, disseminating propaganda, manipulating factual information all the while working with Americans to put a puppet in the WH. There was nothing at the time that Comey could have done to stop that. So yeah, blame him not Russia/Trump.
"Civility" has become as unknown to most people under 35 as "Civics".
You might want to check out Ken Burn's documentary (ongoing) on the Vietnam War before making a comment like, "Protesting is a huge waste of time no matter what the cause or reason is".   It seems the Anti War Movement was pretty successful.  You may also want to check out a little something called the Civil Rights Movement, Ghandi's Salt March,  The Boston Tea Party etc etc etc
Do you prefer “good manners”?
Mila Boyko No, that would be Loretta Lynch. Maybe she's up for an honorary degree despite her improper conduct and stupidity?
Let the man speak!!!
Of course he has regret, as he should.  He violated policy.  He didn't make a mistake.  He intentionally violated policy.  What makes it worse, there was nothing there.
Exactly,  he should feel nauseous about that, dems lost the momentum on grabbing few more senate seats thanks to Comey
first of all, protesting IS participating in Democracy, why would you assume they don't or didn't vote? Seems a weird assumption to make
Bunch of Idiots ss Usual
Ugh. Pick your enemies more correctly, please.
Wait, what? they were *protesting* Comey? WHY????
It seems you all have never heard of Co-Intel. Google it. Like I often say, the dumbing down of America is complete.
Melissa Mears please clarify the substantive comments: lots of posts here. what particular points would you like for me to address?
Debra Morris Exactly. The dumbing down of America is complete.
Pretty bad when a protest has to be accompanied by subtitles. I have no idea what they were doing, but I guess that they had the right to do so. After all, THEY weren't graduating.
Comey should be standing before a judge at his perjury trial instead of in front of an audience at Harvard...   He blatantly lied to congress... MULTIPLE TIMES and yet, Our weak kneed Attorney General HAS DONE NOTHING.
Mahmoud "handed Trump the presidency." lol Jesus Christ dude you don't really believe that right?
Well, he did help 
get the 
man-child elected.
Barry Gauthier 1) there was no justice policy. It was a practice. 

2) Trump has been on the NYAG agenda for years however this current crisis has to deal with the Trump campaign and its working relationships with Russia to win the election. That nexus was not discovered until earlier 2016.
And if our president is any indication the over 70 crowd is not doing any better with civility
Being in university and being ignorant and rude, sad....
Uhm. Why protest this? Makes no sense.
THAT IS A CONVERSATION AND WHY THESE DISRESPECTFUL KIDS ARE ALLOWED TO DO THIS IS BEYOND ME, IN MY DAY THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN EXPELLED FROM SCHOOL.
Debra Morris Because 75 million didn't vote.
They were Russians disguised as students!
No the dumbing down was complete when millions DIDN"T VOTE...

These hateful and misguided democrats should find a safe space to reflect on their inexcusable behavior.
Yeah I am not either. why they are shouting here? I dont remember anything racist that Comey said or did.
You can never tell if these Facebook profiles are real or fake, I say fake.
Marilee Murphy  Naw to be quite honest I really do thing protesting is a huge waste of time today. 
You are quite right, your comment nicely backs the fact that some good can come from protesting. I, however, do think that other methods could have been used to obtain the same results. I'm literally saying that most of the world needs to get one on page and decide what is important. We have some very greedy people running the world. Protesting won't move their hearts because money always will be #1. I would have put my prior statement in a better, more conscience statement had I not been at work but the brunt of the idea was that protesting doesn't really accomplish anything in my own observations.
Hey check it out.  Flip it on Obama and show bias for Trump.  Awesome...  whataboutism....
Marilee Murphy I suggest that protesting is a much better option than bombing or killing someone or some entity. But that seems to be a much more attention grabbing headline these days. Ghandi's salt march was brilliant, but what LASTING good has come of it ? In the long run, everyone is just bloody nuts.
Remember the part where Mitch McConnell allegedly threatened Obama not to act?  So it's not so easy to pin as a one-sided affair.  Anyway, ymmv.
What a great example of both sides exercising freedom of speech peacefully.
Scott, specifically what evidence is it that you refer to?  I still haven't heard of any and I pay attention.  Thanks.
Ankit Agarwal He's literally made of cornbread.
I'm not going to make a judgement one way or the other on your conversation starter, Scott McCullom, but here is what I think his response to you would sound like:

He had a legal obligation to inform the Congress about substantive developments in the closed case, and did so. It was *Congressmen*, not him, who leaked that out knowing it was right before the election. And finally, the investigations involving T and the rest were at that time barely beyond their infancy; what is known today was not known then, and even now, Mueller is not finished getting to the bottom of it.
Ignore Skip Klauber.
Comey was the head of the FBI. Do you know anything about the FBI's history with black Americans?
Crooked Comey a famous person who declared Hillary innocent before interviewing Clinton and evidence.   Of course him and Hillary are above the law.
A more objective point, Alex Bramsen.  Much appreciated amidst many other threads and unfounded comments...
Preach, Denise!
Oh my God this poor man is standing the darkness.. Seek the light.
Seth Weber so he has to be held accountable for the actions of every corrupt cop?  Comey has been a pretty admirable/honest person
Good
Let's face it, Comey screwed up big-time. There's no good explanation for his actions.  He has behaved patriotically at times, like when he rushed to Ashcroft's hospital bed to stop some anti-American Bush/Cheney ploy.   But the impression of an occasional bumbling idiot remains.  Mueller seems a bit more focused.
Actually they brought great shame to a great university.
Good! Maybe he'll learn there are other Americans, that aren't white!
Where's the confused emoji?
I'm sure you dont live in the hood....but ur a expert on fixing the hood..mmkkkay
Obama was in a no win situation.

On one hand, the GOP and their supporters were painting Obama as a potential Dictator. So anything Obama did would have been seen as a power play for the Democrats to regain power. So he did nothing.
Rodrigo Miranda well they were painting President Obama as a dictator...when trump actually wants to be a dictator
You're a moron.
They protest because it's an available venue with an audience.

Wanyetta Cert-Mua McIntosh I never claimed to be an expert.. and I dont  know if my theory  would work.. but it sure do sounds like a hell of a lot better plan than whats happening right now. Should  we just continue to accuse every single cop of being racist? You don't  think there's  a lot of issues that black folks cause on our selves? Can i ask you a question.. Would you trust  me if i went around telling everybody  you're  a racist  and you hate me?
Robert B. Dwyer if that is being addressed to me, why the insult? Just disagree. I disagree with other’s options and respect them without debasing myself with insulting them.
These people who are protesting Comey are literally protesting the wrong person. He’s not the problem, the problem is the top republican leadership and the trump administration. Terribly misinformed students. I really want to know what their motive was to interrupt his speech and what they hoped to accomplish.
Oh I feel so sorry for the poor fascist
It's history, after decades of abuse of trust the police need to earn it back. It might make people begin to start trusting them again.
It's ok to not agree with someone but extreamly rude and childish to do what the students did.  They need to grow up.  When they get jobs this type of behaviour will not get them anywhere except unemployed
With what was known or speculated by September 2016, the new leak of email’s from Weiner’s laptop forced a re-examining, re-opening of a closed investigation. Why? Because that is policy and must be known to public.

When the investigation was concluded on the new emails and no crime was done, he also informed public. His last statement exonerated her. He was suppose to do that. 

Nothing he did or should have done by oct 2016 would have changed the results.  Russia/Trump machine had already won.
Appears that Comey is nobody’s Homey.
Democracy doesn't work for us when we do vote. Last time around was a choice between trump or Hilary who thinks people like me are super predators. Vote for who I ask?
And let's not forget, the GOP constantly said Obama wasn't "strong enough" when he sanctioned Russia and took away a couple of Russia's Compounds in Washington DC metro area.

And to the point of how messed up this all was, one of Trump's first orders of business was to remove the Sanctions and give back the Russian compounds.

There is soo much smoke, but some refuse to see ANY of it...
Nevada Smith I’m not an expert either but police are supposed to serve the community, not the other way round. People would have to step up and take responsibility for their own communities, and work with police. This isn’t the same as cooperating as in obeying. A lot more changes would be needed than just attitude.
Daniel Phillips you can't  expect the police to put faith in a community  that demonize  them.. imagine  if you're  putting your life on the line and the same people  you promise to serve and protect go on protest every day to protest you? There are always going to  be some bad apples.. but to just use a brush  and paint all cops as racist or the enemy  is just wrong.  If people start Cooperating with the police the police will do a better  job helping those same people  who need them.
Unemployed corrupted loser trying to make money on brainwashing the youth.
That may be true Denise La Lande, but you do realize that there were a lot of people who thought there was an interesting timeline there?  I'm not saying Comey did that on purpose, but it certainly gave some the impression.  Anyway.  Best wishes.
Julie Umek ok so if someone commits  a crime and no one is willing to be a eye witness  how do they expect  the cops to do their jobs? People  in the inner cities Rob  and kill  each other then the police show  up to help and no one is willing to cooperate, so the officers have no other choice  but to hassle  people they see hanging  on  street corners, what else can they do? There's  this culture  of not "snitching to the police"  but who does that benefit? 
Imagine when theres a killing and the police go to help and no one is talking.. are the police suppose to magically  know what happen? Then when it becomes a cold case these same folks say "the police dont care about black  people" but no one talk about the fact that no one want to be an eye witness. I'm  sorry i just can't  agree with you on this.
You weren't there, you know nothing about the issues, yet you seem to think your opinion matters. It doesn't.
He probably wished there were some curtains to hide in.
... But also tanked her election hopes by announcing they were reopening the investigation a few days before the election.    If he was in the bag for Clinton he sure had a strange way of showing it.
Naw they dinnae
I seriously wish people would not disrupt.
You do NOT know if/how these young people voted. FoxNews is probably telling you they did NOT vote. You are being misled.
Denise La Lande, please cite any credible source for any evidence that "Russia dropp(ed) voter rolls". Maybe you could start by explaining what that statement even means, since it makes no sense whatsoever. As to disseminating propaganda or manipulating factual information, that was and is going on, with the help of social media, in particular, Facebook, via a multitude of sources both inside and outside of this country on a multitude of things other than just the last presidential election.
The FBI said way back in 2006 that white supremacists have infiltrated police forces all over the nation. They looked at the issue again in 2013 and found that it has gotten worse. What we're seeing are modern day lynchings in America. 

You're dreaming if you think you can just ask your local police force to hire some minorities and hope the problem goes away. I come from a law enforcement family. Ask me how I know.
Like or dislike him, this was very rude. He wouldn't be there but someone from Howard invited him to speak.
Nancy Miller and you're assuming it's these students?
Eric Suarez stereotyping?
Robert Alfonso my opinion matters as much as yours.  Have a wonderful day
Lou Carr crime and violence  will  never go away, innocent  people getting killed  by police will never go away.. it can be reduced tho, and you can reform the police system. All cops aren't  racist. To say that is misleading  on so many levels I don't  even know  how to reply to that.
And nobody shoots, right?
A bunch of obnoxious jackasses.
He’s also the guy gave Great Orange Leader a glide path to the presidency.
Joey Lange 1) the Dirs of CIA, DIA, FBI and former AG all state the fact of Russian tampering. 

Please review the most updated information on all things related to Russia and the election. Whether you disagree or not, this site is very detailed, in facts, of the current information.

https://investigaterussia.org/
Mark Drury please review this well sourced and well documented site regarding all current information and all current investigations.
Joey Lange https://investigaterussia.org/
They're exercising their first amendment rights here -- this is democracy in action.  Sometimes it's too icky for someone like you, I guess.  So what makes you think they didn't vote?
They knew Russia was interfering, they had no idea to what extent. No one believed trump would win. It's so easy to judge with hindsight
Sorry, folks. I think that was disrespectful. You should've had dialogue with campus officials and leaders about the choice for speaker. if a majority had expressed their distaste early on, perhaps some other speaker may have been agreed upon.
Why bother giving a speech to a bunch of nigtards anyway? They don't understand English. ;)
And on the flip side you can't ask communities to trust an organisation that routinely fails to sort itself out or deal with there issues. The bad cops are rarely called out for their behaviour the culture of behaviour of bad etc. It's a chicken and the egg situation
Sorry Denise. My age and some bad experiences with prosecutors have made me a little grouchy. I just am grossed out by the #resistance exalting terrible people for doing a mediocre job opposing Trump at some point (thus Bush becomes a cute grandfather from Texas, Comey an outspoken advocate against government abuse.) As bad as Trump's optics and ideas may be, this crew played a far larger crew in twisting America into a corrupt racist warmongering state etc. etc.
Ok guys, how is this impacting commerce?  Your message is already out there but this achieved nothing except making you look exceptionally ill-informed & undisciplined.
I guess they wanted Hillary convicted too
Bob Archer, it is not too "icky" for me.  I am a veteran of many a protest march.  I do vote, I do participate in my government and that includes running for elective  office.  When all you do is protest and not otherwise participate in your government, the protests are meaningless.  That was the point of Barack Obama's  speech at Howard last year.
Why?!!!???
Agree 💯💯 don't boo/sing VOTE!!!
He's the reason Trump got elected....
Robert B. Dwyer I think you for your civility. I agree with you to a degree. There are so many factors that has brought us to this current state that pointing fingers at one does negate the others. 

I don’t believe Comey is an advocate for gov’t abuse. He is a guy with principles and integrity that tries to do the right thing. He admits his judgement was askew but seriously, he had the republicans in Congress down his through about the email when he finds out Trump maybe working with Russia to win. I do not envy him.
Justin Lanoff I’m so sorry you believe that because that is not factually true. Russia is the reason Trump won. Today otherwise gives Russia the  win.
Brian Anderson bump
The man at least tried to undo his mistakes.
What were they protesting? Sometimes you gotta wonder where Wisdom has gone. God deliver us...
They protested because the FBI has not been fair to black communities
Hana Chaudhury Tina Hai conflicted
You don't even have to be a Republican to be sick and tired of all this protest bs. Some people need to get their heads out of their behinds, find jobs, and start making real changes in the real world.
Dileni Weerakone if stupid could fly you'd be a jet
Nancy Miller 75 million who didn't vote?
Julia Whitley Holcomb To my point.
Jordan Kian Smith "not fair" is a generous statement. Americans need to exercise a little intellectual curiosity and learn US history that is always white-washed away from textbooks, but it's documented. May I suggest inserting "CoIntel II" in FB's search box or google it, though Google algorithms hide a lot. USA is exceptional at structural and systemic racism.
Thank you Scott McCullom. Well said.
Chris Paige
Except he went on national TV and announced it. Without telling any of his superiors first.
When else have you ever seen that happen? 🤔
Skip Klauber RUSSIA TRUMP RUSSIA TRUMP RUSSIA TRUMP is to blame. No one else!
As for 2016 voting statistics, 50% of all eligible voters voted (~165 million, with HRC winning the majority of the votes by 3 million). 48% of college students voted, which means less than 50% of all voters were grown folks. (#MathMattersToo) So, again what 75 million and who exactly to whom are you referring?
He will go down in history as the FBI director who interfered in a presidential election resulting in an incompetent boob getting elected.
Please are so disrespectful. 
Let the Former FBI director Speak.
Beckett Rueda
He will go down in history as the FBI director who interfered in a presidential election
He will go down in history as the FBI director who interfered in a presidential election
I'm aware of what evidence has come to light about this matter to date. My question is simple. Two parts: what do you mean when you claim "Russians dropp(ed) voter rolls"...and what credible proof do you have to support such a claim? The fact is you have no answer. You should really stop attempting to claim you know something more than you do. It's ridiculous.
They're people not, black people. Why do you assume they are protesting racism ? Why don't you try to find out what they were protesting before opening your mouth.
Pamela Quinn because they chanted "we love being black!" And accused him of racism(which they didn't even really convey in their chant.) Jesus Christ
Good, this traitor doesn't deserve a public space to spew his lies! He should be kissing Trump's feet that he didn't throw him in prison where he belongs for letting down the American people with his handling of the Clinton investigation.
Well maybe the protestors need to pick their battles. OR they could lose their supporters amongst the rest of the population. I know he is not your "homie" but he is respected amongst most Americans, especially in hard times like right now.
It wasn't commencement,  it was convocation.
Mark Drury 1) facts regarding Russian hacking and alteration of voter rolls. Well sourced...

https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/time/4828306/russian-hacking-election-widespread-private-data/%3Fsource%3Ddam

Mark Drury  and here

http://www.salon.com/2017/06/22/report-election-hackers-stole-private-voter-data-altered-voter-information/
You are protesting the wring dude
I can't believe that you believe  that Russia helped TRUMP  win the Presidency. WE the people VOTED TO ELECT  TRUMP. WE WERE STANDING IN LINE FOR HOURS TO GET TO THE VOTING  BOOT. DON'T  YOU BELITTLING THE  VOTES OF AMERICAN PEOPLE. SHAME ON YOU. RUSSIA  HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH IT. HILLARY BRAIN WASHED  YOU PRETTY GOOD.
We wouldn't have needed the investigation if he hadn't thrown the election to the orange menace in the first place.
I wish that white men who hold positions of power understood that conversation doesn't  neutralise power.
Of course trump supporters would never admit they were played. The Russians knew who to target and it was right wing dipshits.
Short term memory problems?
Stuff like this is why so called "liberals" make so little sense. The enemy of their enemy should be their friend. If these "liberals" could form strategic alliances with people like Comey and disgruntled "normal conservatives" like him, in order to counter the alt-right extremists, Trump would've been isolated and politically neutralized, like Marine LePen was in France. But NOOOO - they have to be like anarchists, and protest anyone who doesn't share their ideology!! Trying to unite the left and middle in America is like herding cats!!!
More fascist tactics by the leftist snowflakes! How about letting people speak and you respond! DUH!
Because Comey and 90% of mankind thought Hillary was going to win....
Oh the protests are valid, alright.
Fair game, I say.
Comey was Dir. of FBI and couldn't have "started" the investigation against Trump or Russian meddling.  Someone hirer ordered the investigation: https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/12/09/politics/obama-orders-review-into-russian-hacking-of-2016-election/index.html
Meh. They can do what they want.
Ba ha ha the stupid is strong with this one. DERP
Mike Klein they can do what they like but you don't have a right to drown someones voice! That is a fascist tactic! DUH!
What a shame.  I think Comey is a good guy.
DERP ALERT
89% of Americans can't find North Korea on a map. Go USA.
Scott McCullom this was after 2015 Manifort’s wiretap and the June 2016 dossier that was the catalysts to the entire investigation.
And he smiled, paused and carried on like Most GROWN ups do!
Scott McCullom FYI a review is not an investigation. How do you think Obama got the info about the hacking? He received a report from Comey and Clapper. The president can not order the FBI to investigate anything. Separation of powers.
Denise La Lande -You mean Clapper.  Comey (FBI) don't investigate internationally.  FBI may work with a foreign entity to apprehend a criminal.
Scott McCullom  please read this definitive timeline of all known events. The criminal act of the Russian Hacking took place in the United States thus under the jurisdiction of FBI. Clapper as the firm Director of National Intelligence coordinated all info from CIA and FBI and open this FBI opened the counterintelligence investigation as well.

http://www.factcheck.org/2017/06/timeline-russia-investigation/
Denise La Lande - my point is James Comey did not launch the Russia-Trump collusion investigation.  The ball was rolling prior to reaching his desk.
Skip Klauber    It’s “affecting” Dr. Klauber.
Scott McCullom Did you not read the facts I posted. Seriously? The President can not order the FBI to investigate anything just as the president can’t ask the FBI to stop an investigation. 

I understand that you want to hold on to your position about Comey but is your position so ensconced that even facts are discounted. Facts matter and facts should shape one’s understanding of events.
Rebecca Stoneham Gladu  the investigation into Russia started in July 2016 before the election. Even if she won, the Russians interfered and THAT is the problem.
I think the point of a protest is to be heard. Fact that a speaker was disrupted and media covered the protest = the protest made their point. Going on further in protest is to say you don't want to or care to hear the other side. Every one has a story and wisdom you can learn from, even from your enemy. Leave egos at the door.
These people are feral.And thankfully completely unemployable.No one will
have to tolerate them.Which means
more jobs for the students not yelling
You Ain't My Homie! like just complete
slum trash.
You guys know he is on our side right??
someone mentioned history of the FBI with black people. Might it be possible that following generations of all racial groups think differently from their ancestors? i.e. can it be possible that an FBI chief ten years from now is Vietnamese, Indian,  black, white and has different prejudices than the FBI chief 60 years or more earlier?
No matter what he did before, showing respect to others is always something important. Comey is a good director and he started the investigation into Clinton's Scandal.
Kasson
Traitor
Gilberto Mancini No, 95%, including a very unintelligent, arrogant and grossly negligent Barack Hussein. Long before the Summer of 2016 matters were brought to the attention of Prez Obama. He did nothing. According to former WH aides Obama did nothing because he thought it was in the bag for Hildy C. I'm not sure what his believing HRC would crush Trump has to do with the need to investigate interference with an American presidential election-? Really, was Obama arrogant and dumb or did he doubt the intelligence reports put before him? 

As long as you give people like Obama, Holder, Rice, Lynch passes and waivers because of colour and political affiliation you not only completely undermine your credibility you work to ensure continuing Republican victories.
Jamie Wilson You're absolutely right. But if you & your cohorts think the proper manner to deal with Trump is to continue lowering the bar of courtesy, respect and decorum you play to his strengths. Again, do you and your political coreligionists not understand the key role they've played in normalising Trump? It's been a 25 year process and Demz, libs and alleged progressives still fail to realise the effect of creating precedent.
Alina Kilpatrick
Denise La Lande The investigation should have started long before this time, but Barack Hussein stopped any attempts to do so.
Campuses are becoming intolerant places. Shouting down regular people is not bloody activism!  That is bullying! I have no interest in hearing the opinions of the disruptors!
Ultimately my overriding thought about this story is the students ought to be a lot more concerned about the academics at Howard. It's undergrad is not ranked in the top 100. Howard's law school is not ranked in the top 100. Howard's' medical school and business school are simply unranked, meaning they are rated as quite poor in quality. HBCU's have declined precipitously with desegregation but a few schools (Howard, Morehouse, Spellman. Maybe Fisk and Tuskegee) very much deserve to survive. This can best be done by increasing endowments and a plan for doing this might be to close all of the marginal (i.e., virtual high schools) HBCU's and direct financial efforts into the handful of schools which might excel. This represents a tough and very emotional decision but until something along these lines is pursued schools like Howard will remain in decline or holding at mediocrity.
Because protesting the former FBI Director who was fired will get you somewhere 🙄

Listen up!

Way before his stupid letter to Congress, he talked up the Ferguson Effect - that increased scrutiny of policing in this country caused an uptick in the crime rate.

...and provided ZERO evidence to support that claim. 

Howard is a historically black college
Welcome to Bolshevik students .Free speech is now forbidden Like good little Communist .
Good post.
What jerks... demonstrate outside
Of course they did.
I hate when thugs shut down free speech! Listen then voice you're question or concern!
Minorities always
Hillary would have been President if it wasn’t for Comey. Screw him.
Rare Trump clarity called Comey a hotdog or such for the limelight.
Sounds childish to me.
He is still the man that brought us Trump by unprofessional,unprecedented and inappropriate behavior toward Trump's opponent.
Yes exactly. His unprecedented unprofessionalism cost us a qualified president.
Denise La Lande " ...known to public?" No just no. When police stop you and run your license is it made public knowledge?
And what good did it do? Only thing they accomplished was being disrespectful to the people that wanted to here what the man had to say.
Nancy Miller you go girl
Kimberly Bacon
He comes with a few issues, but I still like the man...sorry the speech didn't go well for him.
The ignorant protesting the corrupt!
Why didn't he prosecute Hillary?
Sooo glad Trump got elected maybe we can put an end to the establishments corruption!
Not allowing people to speak leads to you not being allowed to speak. 
Plus comey is 1 of the factors that lead trump to be in the Whitehouse
I understand their need to protest, but what is the point of disrupting Comey's speech? Good message, wrong place, wrong time.
we're all about freedom and democracy here! Guards! remove these disruptors!
Skip Klauber explain how the investigation should have started long before it was started in July 28.

FYI: please review the Obama era investigations regarding Manifort and his initial FISA warrants as well as the various banks that the department of justice that by Eric holder in the state of New York have sued and put sanctions on due to their relationship with Russia. No president before Obama today no president after Obama!
Booooo!!!!! I would have walked out! That guy doesn't deserve to be there!!!
What he failed to do was tell the American people about the Russian investigation; the same way that he did about the email investigation (btw-there was nothing)! Awful choice and I most definitely would have walked out!!!!
The dumbest group of protesters you'll ever see
Stand tall Mr. Comey (no pun intended) you have more supporters than protesters! ❤️
Not a great fan but that was just plain rude. He responded as a competent, educated person. They carried it to far.
Black??
Brown people work harder
Who are going to work harder in flooded texas and Miami to reconstruct?? Please respect hispanics
Protesters are NOT " dumb shits" they are people who want to be heard and feel their voice has been ignored. I think this particular group went too far and were just rude. Protesting for what you believe in or against tyranny and injustice are the hallmarks of a democracy.
Mr. Comey has a lot of explaining to do, now that it has come to light that the Trump Campaign investigation was well underway before the election.  Why the selective and public chastisement of Hillary, but not a word about Trump's business" partners? This man is partially, if not wholly responsible for the mess we are in now.
Sure.  He "started" the investigation.  Then he turned the Presidency over to a complete and decidedly un-American miscreant, who has populated our government with know-nothings, charlatans, and worse, collaborators in the destruction of our democratic institutions.
I wish they hadn't done this! His move 11 days ahead of the election changed the outcome, but he's going to be important to the investigation against Trump. Leave him alone!
Denise La Lande Wow, there are so many problems with your whitewash. Set aside how Obama received reports as early as 2014 or that I was advised in 2015 by one of my kids about shenanigans of docs appearing (he saw on Wikileaks) or the wet noodle reaction in July of 2016 regarding the DNC emails. Did Obama do anything serious or launch a serious investigation? According to testimony by a former secretary of homeland security Obama was weak willed and ineffective. Obama did nothing of any import until a few weeks before he left office. "Unwilling to act forcefully" has been the common description from intelligence sources of Obama's conduct since 2014. And level headed Democrats have agreed Obama was what we in the real world would call negligent or irresponsible. Did you miss this coverage in the Times and elsewhere in June of this year?  

Try to imagine your opinions if it had been Trump ignoring intelligence reports, being described as weak willed by intelligence sources, and exposed by his former DHS as doing nothing until it was too late. Obama and his team (esp Loretta Lynch) were bozos who if you're correct about foreign interference very ably assisted Hildy in suffering the most astounding loss in the history of US presidential politics.
Mary Louise Markle Your hypocrisy is showing. Where were you worried about democracy when King Obama decided to rule by decree in a manner unheard of before his term? Oh, Obama's totalitarian streak was fine because... he's a Democrat? And on these FISA warrants and surveillance, what would you say about a Republican Admin that wiretapped the campaign of a Dem candidate for president? And the unmasking of private citizens by Susan Rice and... our UN ambassador?? Mueller s tactics of breaking into homes and leaning on people by threatening prosecutions which would break them financially? Yeah, sure, I'm sure if the acts were against a Dem you'd have no problems. 

The hypocrisy of your supposed concern about democracy is rather stunning.
Angela Saucedo I have found that people have been misinformed regarding the Emails and Comey so here it is:

Hillary used a Private server and not the .gov that she should have used, per FBI Classified IT policy. Remember she is not the tech director, someone else made that decision. That incident happened in 2012 and the investigation started in late 2014. From the state department investigated and determined some classified email were transmitted by the private @gmail.com server. Out of over 50,000 emails less than .001% were classified and sent through the private server. Because the private server broke policy the FBI had to determine, investigated for almost a year that Hillary broke policy but was not criminally negligent. Comey made that statement on July 5, 2016. Repeat, Comey states she was careless about not following policy (IT guy took a deal), she had done nothing wrong.

Then good old Russia leaked that there were possible more unreviewed emails on Weiner’s computer. On October 28, 2016, In a letter to Congress, Comey said the FBI is reviewing new emails related to Clinton's time as secretary of state, according to a letter sent to eight congressional committee chairmen. THAT WAS LEAKED TO THE MEDIA. Thousands of email had to be cross referenced and not a week later, Comey states again that she has done no wrong.

So explain to me how he gave trump the election? The Russian/Trump propaganda machine was in full effect way befor October 2016. Whomever leaked the email Comey sent to the 8 congressional committee leaders was the one who through a wrench. Let’s hold Russia and Trump responsible and not a cop who was following the law. 

Also you do not tell the subjects that they are being investigated for treason so making a public disclosure in August 2016 would have been unwise.
Skip Klauber I agree on some of your points about Obama admission being forceful but remember, he has no power of the investigative powers of the FBI. He can not make them investigate anything. 

Not sure about investigations on Trump/Russia in 2014 but I do know Manifort has a 2014 FISA warrent issued and the Obama Administration’s DOJ money laundering unit was very busy shutting down some of Russian laundering banking. 

Yet he is negligent and irresponsible for what. Not being able to see into the future that a candidate for president, an American citizen would commit treason and espionage, violate federal election laws, deceive the public and work with a foreign government in a widespread cyber war to win an election!!!

JJ Abrams could not have written this BS.

Can you please post the information regarding the former DHS stating Obama was weak?
Skip Klauber I thought when I first read your post that we had different view but facts mattered. However I must say this post shattered that. There is a real cognitive disconnect between reality and the world shaped a View that obama is the real problem. You can post here till the cows come home and I will not engage you further.

I can discuss an issue with someone who works from a factual reality who seeks dependent inquiry but someone denies facts and assures their perspectives as factual, there is no more need to discuss. I’d rather be productive and share facts that get upset by an ill informed troll. ✌🏽🙏🏽
Pretty much all of them. Black people are the reason trump won battle ground states like Michigan, and went on to win the whole thing
REMEMBER COMEY ,,,, NO ONE WANT TO SEE YOU ,,,, NO ONE WANT TO LISTEN YOU ,,,, SO PISS OFF , AND NEVER COME AGAIN ,,,,,,,, IF YOU WILL TRY AGAIN ,, THEN YOU WILL BE SLAPPED ,,,,,,,,
I feel like politics is always in the air. And sometimes, idealists may confuse what is right and what is practical, and double down on hoping their choice is both the same way bad FPS players "spray and pray" in hopes of scoring a kill for their team. But just like a bad gamer, sometimes they do more harm than good - and in the best case scenario, their actions will have no impact at all. When you make demonstrations, protest what is worth the attention of the public. Or else, you'll risk alienating the very people who you need to drive your movement into a revolution.
James Walling Gandhi's salt march was one protest/step if you will that was a part of a larger process. Of gathering the fervent support of a massive populace. And it would ultimately drive out the regime and get its people independence without significant violence. So these well publicized protests were significant to his cause.
You forgot the investigation on the crooked Hillary*
Why is the KKK , racist? But, BLM isn't??
But before he did all that he got him elected!!!!!
John Santos  Do you understand the timeline of the events? How could he have done “all that he did” to Get Trump elected. I am not understanding u?
I would have liked to hear a clearer message in that protest, and I would have liked see Comey actually invite them to share the stage and carry out that conversation he mentioned, instead of just wishing. There was a good opportunity missed.
Sigh Sammy Lau
What happened...?!
Oh...... hmmmmm
Jordan Kian Smith it's wild how everyone goes off topic of the issue. Odd...
Fired Comey has nothing to with who did and didn't vote in the presidential election. No one is questioning the reason of the protest or a guy that has admittedly influenced the election, then admitted leaking information to the press, but freshman students protesting are the problem. Really strange...
So welcome to Trumps America where anyone on any side of the political spectrum will either not be allowed to speak or will be shouted out if they do
Well deserved.. supported the orange leader and got fired when the Russian connection was too big to hide..
He also manipulated information being disseminated about the stupid email investigation right before the election.
Comey has won me over, but his comment about a conversation is ludicrous!!
When did you, Comey take the time to find out what these young black peoples lives are like & work towards a better Justice system for them?!?!
Crickets... Never!!

It's time to show some respect to them & it's time for you to put in the work to change the Justice system for blacks in America!!!
But he also brought down HRC in the 1st place, had he not done this he would still have his job & he wouldn't have had a hand in installing the Nut job in White House
Victoria Pol how did he bring down Clinton? The FBI exonerated her twice. The FBI did not start the email issue. The Republicans did in 2015.  And in October, It was the Republicans that leaked that the FBI were reviewing addition emails from Weiner’s labtop.
Ok finally the protest group has been explained...so how long ago did he say this and what context?
Or he tried to talk and they didn't bother to listen. Totally obnoxious as he is not their enemy - there are so many other really racist people they could be protesting.
One of the worst things about America... Haoqian Zheng cc Sharon Stovezky
Wonderful...fantastic.  I do not like Trump...don't like his guy either...self righteous misguided civil servant.
I admire him but he sure screwed Hillary.
He had a chance to have a conversation a long time ago but chose not to have one!!!  Go back under your rock and disappear.
That's what you get for ruining our Presidential election.
Denise La Lande Your troll language is unacceptable hate speech. Sorry you dislike diversity, I guess we can all try and think like you. In the post Bill Clinton era of "no responsibility and no blame" I guess you fit right in. It's Obama's own folks who say he muffed things. Matters were brought to him & Obama decided not to do anything. Obama took no truly serious action regarding foreign interference until weeks before he left office. Why? Maybe he was negligent, maybe he was distracted, maybe he doubted the reports, maybe he was weak. The fact all you can do is cite actions against a private citizen which if done by an (R) you'd label fascist in nature is pathetic. It's nice to see how the neo left have all become huge fans of secret courts and secret warrants. Real conviction there. 

Try judging facts and circumstances w/o propping up different standards depending upon if someone is a Dem or Republican. I find such sliding morality and ethics repulsive and the primary reason we now have president Trump. "Oh, he or she is a Dem? Then it's OK to be a corrupt scumbag". Then you think people will line up behind you when you identify a Repub who is a corrupt scumbag? I guess you've not caught on that doesn't work but you keep up the hypocrisy and see where we get. You're clearly one of those people who decided to pull out all the stop to defend everything Bill Clinton & Hildy Clinton and then just couldn't understand why revelations about Trump being rude, discourteous and crude made so little impact.
Denise La Lande no one knows... but I think you r wrong.
Majid asli Harvard
Corrupt criminal
Comey showed his grace by accepting the invitation. I find him to be on much higher plateau than the protestors. I feel like apologizing to him for this treatment! What I know is that he's a tough person and we have not heard last of him.
Visited the wrong area?
Merkel is decimating the indigenous peoples and culture of Germany for the benefit of the old and wealthy. Its truly amazing.
I'be talked to a German today and he never once spoke about any of that. He spoke of her awful austerity policies which are ruining Germany not taking in refugees.
Emily Hall this is worth a watch.
What a bunch of lies!German are nice to refugees its the refugees who are not nice to them!Lies lies!!!
Who is The Germans?
Natália Yoshie
So ein Scheiß. Indigenous people of Germany? Anthropology is not your forte. Crawl back to Breitbart moron.
Akin Kaya Maurice Mompour Fabian Mazariegos Vincent Frei KAi Gollnick deutsche Politik beschäftigt sogar die NY Times
Obviously not.
STOP TELLING LIES OR THIS GUY IS GOING TO LET OUT HIS INNER NAZI

Like all Germans have.
Interesting to read about  "indigenous people" from  Americans.
Nico Gorgas
Don't worry - you can come to America, we have lots of room and America helps people - Like our Statue of Liberty says; "Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore"  Oh wait no, we are not about that anymore, I forgot. We are just about walls now.
Danielle Dias Silva Girz
Luckily he isn't in america. Americans don't wanna help anyone else anymore and he woulda been killed by police well before 1 year in country.

Stay in Germany, where I hate to say it, is the new leader of the free world.
LoL yes. The indigenous people from America, amazingly, aren't pure white people. 

The shock!
Sure it goes both ways.
We are so blessed to share this earth together at the same time, I wish we could learn to come together in love and support for each other.
I am from Poland. Yes this is the indigenous homeland of Europeans.  You sound like a racist agianst whites. Europeans are not manic or special, they come from Europe.   I would be careful as you live on land stolen from the indigenous people you slaughtered
Thio Cadam
Feel free to sponsor some refugees, on your dime. Put your money where your mouth is instead of volunteering the wallets of others.
Beware of the Russian trolls
Racist against whites? That's not a thing.
The majority of Germans are nice and go out of their way to help refugees and foreigners.  A vocal minority, including one of the political parties in this election, is anti-Muslim and anti-foreigners.  This is because they feel they might lose something.
I do, I pay taxes and I am fine with spending it on helping people. Thanks for your feedback
Toni actually it is, better grow up
You're telling me to grow up? 😂 You're that special kind, aren't ya?
Toni, I don't fit in your box, so to you I sure I am
Here's why you're not wanted in German Abode

https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20120319134713AA1IWp2
You fit only into one box: Uneducated
Back again? Of course you enjoy the benefits of the EU without standing by the terms that don't suit you. Don't bite the hand that feeds, especially when you don't live there. So timmy boy if you want to start can you show us some reliable sources on that? No right wing nazi you tube videos this time please. Unless of course you are too busy stealing german cars and trying to sell them in poland. Before you say it more criminals cross into germany from poland than from germany into poland. It may not look like it but i kind of missed you.....boy.
You can learn to be German and stay true to your Heritage 
Both can be accomplished ☺
Take your rightwing spasms back home. You're embarrassing yourself
Who exactly are the "indigenous people of Germany" that are being "decimated for the old and wealthy"? Usually, they are the same here...
Farewell Europe you had a good run :(
Ronald Epperly II Holly Ramos as discussed this am
You know , one thing about the germans is that they work hard to get rid of the racist element of their image , yet it never goes away.Fascinating people.
Toni, this is Dawid, he so full of shxx he will make you look like a scholar on European affairs. Have fun
Sorry, I am buzzed and trying to drive a stolen car to Poland.   Not easy
No matter you can come to somalia we have lots home & Somalian helps people
I believe he was talking about private charity instead of tax dollars, chris. Not everyone cares and that's apparent in our legislation.
Aaron I have no idea what your talking about.
True Marius
You do realize that poem was added years later, right?

Either way they'll be fine. They can always go to a civilized land like Canada.
20 trillion dollars in debt AMERICA First
Nick Timothy Knight Let's see your scholarly knowledge on the situation, i might be wrong. I know i started aggressive but from the past you have only proven me right, every time. Where are those sources? Not showing any sources and deflecting will just prove your ignorance anyway.
Dawid, I have posted many many mainstream articles. I do not even read right wing garbage. You live in your own world, with a fantasy reality.
Taulant Sllamniku
Not our problem
We have 55 million people living in poverty 
Another 60 million living off the government
We need to take care of our own poor, weak and disenfranchised 
Don't get me started on the number of homeless veterans
Gabriel Mijares
Luckily, we have Congress to write the immigration laws, not a plaque at the bottom of a statue.

And how many refugees are living in your house right now, Christopher? I would hazard a guess that it is zero, and that virtue signalling is your main purpose.
i hope 4 the best ROMEO MY ROMEO
The irony of a Pole being concerned about ethnic Germans!!😂
Nick Timothy Knight Your main stream things in the past worked against you because you either only read the headline or were too lazy to finish the article. Deflecting, try again. That is reality
Hila Azadzoy thoughts??
I watched full documentary wow... that’s so sad hate see Adobe been go through of haters. Praying him stay strong!!!
Very sad.
Problem here is that some entity caused him to leave Libya...hmmm. Wonder what entity was the cause of the overthrow of my homeland? Can any person who is of good integrity answer this truthfully. Hint: "The United States does not have permanent enemies" -- said, Condoleezza Rice, How permanent is DEAD,  Muammar Gaddafi?
Marina, if the Germans were just decimating themselves it would not be much of an issue, but Frau Merkel is attempting to spread her disaster to all.
John Snape You are absolutely correct. I have no refugees in my house nor do I plan to have any, that however has nothing to do with my comment.
Yes, there are racist people in Germany. And yes, there are people in Germany who don't want refugees to be here. But there are a lot of people who welcomed them and are helping them integrating in German society right now. Ist it so hard to understand that there's not THE German? 
We have the same problems that other societies have. I'm tired of these "inner nazi" comments. 
I don't like those nazi scumbags and yes there is a problem concerning racist people in this country. But don't forget all those people who tried everything possible to help and still trying.
Nick Timothy Knight Tell you what, i'm going to do something completely senseless and give you time to maybe find something so take your time and READ the articles this time before you post them. You might get it right this time and not make yourself look like an idiot to the world again.
I have already shown you ridiculous fool how many times. I told you, that you have no idea what you are talking about. German after German told you the same thing. . You  just start rewriting history now. How sad are you.  I told you after the third time of you shutting down, it's over. I am wasting  my time.
Correction: You are a young, black man, lost somewhere in Germany. America wouldn't be your cup of tea either...
So, you are saying that this person had none of these things happen to him, and you know, because you were with him everywhere he went? Not all Germans, or any nations' people are bad, and racist, but there are some who are. Serbia, according to your rant,and Germany now, nor ever has had a leader which espoused hate, ethnic cleansing , and racial bigotry.
The government still plays a role in whether people get into the country overall so he's not making a moot point. Also, only about 10% of the federal budget goes to safety net programs. 24 and 25 percent go to Social Security and Medicare/Medicaid/CHIP/Marketplace Subsidies, respectively. A variety of social service programs are funded heavily by private contributions from businesses and individuals. The 10% here covers everything from SNAP, refundable portions of the Earned Income Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit, SSI, school lunch, energy assistance, childcare assistance, etc... so it covers a lot. That's not counting state, of course, which acts as a supplement to the supplements, if you will. Either way, were it not for these programs the poverty rate in the nation would nearly double.
Racism knows no borders.
Gene Gomes you must be a native Aboriginal American from a registered tribe to even say anything negative about the effects of immigration in this country. If you are not native Aboriginal American than you are an immigrant in this country. This is a truth that must be learned.
Distortion of facts...complete bs
That might have been true in the 19th century but things are different now.
One of the biggest if not the biggest party is trying to ride the anti-muslim hypetrain, so its a pretty big minority
The problem while the majority of refugees are good people and just want to live in peace, their is an element within their ranks who hate us and want to kill all westerners.  The terrorist attacks in Europe are becoming their new normal, and yet no one is interested in doing anything about it. The refugees have no interest in adopting a whole different culture, why should they they have their own rich culture? They end up in mini communities. Their needs are met but nothing else. To most it must feel like they are living in a Red Cross enter waiting to go back home. Anger grows and then they become prey to recruitment. These are truths that we should not to continue to ignore, believe i go not they would rather live in a safe Syria then living in Paris, London, or New york.
Nick Timothy Knight, your grandparents were more than happy to decimate ethnic German population...not just the Nazis, but farmers, women, children and babies! Mobbing and lynching and raping the ones who were trying to get away! Understandable, sure, somehow, considering what Germans did to Poland...but strange to see you concerned about "decimation" of "ethnic Germans." Seems to be a bit unpatriotic of you.
Yea, cause Wall Street stole all the money, and now the con man donald is getting his share.
"new kind of hatred in Germany" ?
Poor Abode. He should have stayed in Libya.
The party doing that is the AfD (Alternative for Germany).  They could receive 10-11 % of the vote, maybe being the third strongest.
What, Marina poles where the ones decimated. However, I do not want to see that happen to any ethnic group now, white, brown black or otherwise.
And, you are suggesting that those people who come from places where other countries exported wars to should just stay, and hope not to be bombed by the western countries, and our alliances? Just tell them to hold still while I bomb you, and your children?
We care, trust me Abode (y)
Nick Timothy Knight You cannot seem to find anything real to back up what you are saying, or are too lazy. Thank you for admitting that. You have shown your ignorance and your lack of credibility in what you are saying. You have shown that you are no more than a nazi troll, you had the chance to try to change that. Again thank you for that, it hurt for me to lower my IQ to talk to you on your level. I'll give you your peace for now, until next time. ^^
And then there's that issue of 7th century religion that claims women are second class citizens and available for rape.  And abuse of children and animals. Germany's kindness has been repaid with violence.
No group that treats women as second class citizens will be welcomed by me.
Germany is a terrible country. The Nazis didn't arrive and then leave 45 with an UFO.
Excuse me but you have no idea how much intelligence and deportation policies are being carried out in Europe against Islamic terrorism. Many terrorist attacks have been prevented, many Muslims have been arrested, Salafist mosques have been closed, many radical Inman has been prosecuted, we have many open operations against illegal immigration in the Central Mediterranean Sea, which have been very successful, closed down the Balkan route, the agreement with Turkey stopped the flow of refugees to Greece to. We have also adopted very aggressive deportation policies by signing important agreements with third countries to admit returnees. What do you understand by doing nothing?
The awful truth is, opportunity is limited. The economy’s limited demand for rather unskilled labor force is a harsh reality and not racism.
Elena Roldán And yet it is their new normal, the idea that they are preventing attacks is not acceptable because there will always be those who will won't be stopped. You miss my point, most refugees just want to be able to go home to their lives and are not in love with western ways, some even offended by them, which is their right. Too many assume that given the chance they'd embrace the west and never go back
Mark Bustamante You do realize that the United States as a nation was added to the world  after the birth of Jesus, don't you. Let me simplify this for you. Does not make a difference when you add the sugar, the drink will still taste sweet. Can you understand that? Or, Should I take it a little slower?
Unfortunately I fear, there is much truth in your statement!😢
BS
Taulant Sllamniku that's definitely not true as you should know since you live in Munich.
At the end the NYT says Top comment is selected so some comments filtered out. Whoever wrote that obviously cant speak English properly. Cant you find English speakers nowadays?
But most important what does ^filtered out^and who does the filtering out? What ^filtering out ^really means is CENSORING AND BLOCKING comments .
Eliana Mallory so interesting !!
So where is my comment? ^Filtered out ^ I suppose...How shameful...I know America is now a broken junkyard but really to censor comments that are not using fould language or are abusive....What a fall...!!!
You say helping them which means helping women...I dont see any Muslim women here, talking to German  men and women.....indeed if any Muslim woman did that her husband or father would slap her face so hard half her teeth would fall out
Especially because i live in Munich, i know that the CSU/CDU is muslimbashing. Thats a given fact
Heinz Frey AFD and CSU/CDU unfortunately
Some in CSU, not in the CDU (Angela Merkel has spoken out strongly on that).
Wait, why aren't we letting these refugees pour into our country like Europe.  Oh yeah, because we don't want weekly terrorist attacks like Europe.
If you calmed down a bit, you might be able to write English competently. And make a comment relevant to the article.
Racism at its best! Will it ever end? Doesn't anyone have any compassion for these poor unfortunate people to have had to live through some horrible events? All they seek is what we all seek / happiness & a chance for a good life!
John Wu 😢
One has to be a special kind of lunatic to deny there are racist idiots in Germany. Because there are, I live there. Some of said idiots are most probably gonna be elected MPs in a few days, sadly.
Christopher Quereau please provide your full physical address complete with directions so you can do your part
Salvatore Wonk does that come with a complimentary talking snake and magic apple?
I'm sure you're personally dedicating your life to fixing it. I'm sure you're willing to pay higher taxes to make sure it get done? Because I am. I'm wiling to help any person I possibly can. I don't care where they come from, I don't care what language they speak. Let's make a deal, you work on homeless veterans, I'll work on refugees. Each person deserves our help. Each person deserves a home and a life with hope and acceptance. We don't get to choose who deserves happiness, we can only try to bring it to as many as possible, instead of hoarding it all away for ourselves.
You mean Christianity, right?
Facebook filters out top comments based on an algorithm. Please calm down. I'm genuinely worried you might overreact into some kind of injury.
If only these refugees realize who is giving them a place to call home..
Uhm...Merkel destroys the ethnic and cultural identity of Germany, forged in the heart of Europe in the last 3000 years. Arabs, Turks, Blacks, Afghans, Pakistanis, etc., have not been part of Europe.  The extinction of European peoples is assured, and will be irreversible by 2050. What emerges is a non-white people, rooted in the tribal societies of Asia and Africa.  This is the death of the West, the end of the European peoples, and the beginning of the egemony of non-European peoples.
Jessica Cooper I deleted my responses. I feel pity for you.
In the documentary he says that he saw how nice Europe is and wanted to come. It didn't say that he was victim of persecution. The whole of the Middle East and Africa sees that its nice in Europe. They all have TVs and Iphones. They all want to come to Europe. Hundreds of millions. There's no end. Is Europe willing to have them all? Would Europe be the same? Answer this question without worrying if you are called a racist.
Mahdi, racist elements are EVERYWHERE, in case you hadn't noticed. And they are not going away for good ANYWHERE. Such is the human race. At least, the Germans are trying. Why single them out?
I'm sorry Gabriele ,better believe I have the utmost respect and admiration for "die mannschaft". I meant to say ,no matter how much good they do , they're always reminded of the little bad . ☺
They do not want to integrate.That is why there are Muslim zones all over Europe recreating their old countries.661 in France alone.
Hatred always has it's base as fear.
Tamara Brown
Why aren't countries trying to help solve the issues in these countries so people don't have to flee their homeland? Wouldn't that be proactive?
Dont worry Ms Cooper!...I am an elderly Englishman who has about two million words of lengthy political and social analysis on the worlds leading newspapers..I am probably the writer of the longest comments in English online in the world. In fact in 2011 I wrote  lengthy  comments in both the NYT and New Yorker where I had worked at the best British style school for expatriate children  aged ten to eighteen years .I pointed out then that   if the CIA succeeded in destabilising or destroying  the Westernised Europeanised socialist regime of Gaddaffi,I would not want to be in Britain when the bombs started going off.  Most of the bomb suspects are Libyan refugees who ^escaped^ from Gaddafis socialism and are all essentially religious fanatics. They are known to the intelligence people who do nothing to block their actions because they are in a way American/UK heroes (like Ossama Ben Laden..remember him? found and funded by the CIA to destroy socialism in Afghanistan)
Rebecca Chavez i could write a book of terrorists acts committed on american soil by Americans. Refugees are the least of my worries.
Continued..Nowhere in this ^documentary^ is there any attempt to ask these Libyans what kind of society do they want for Libya..Did they support socialism or religious fundamentalism? The Arab world can only go forward with socialism or it will go backward to seventh century religious fundamentalism.America is dedicated to destroying socialism anywhere it finds it. Now you have the result. The way the western media NEVERask any questions about the people they are supposed to interviewing is utterly shameful. In these civil war tyle conflicts EVERYONEhas a view...so why cant the media find out what they are?         Incidentally MsCooper,just what are these ^algorithyms^ structured around..? Im sure we would all like to know...Cheers !
I meant I had worked at a British style school in Libya for children of the expatriate elites there
Sa Le
You mean that some backward people are afraid that they could loose democracy and freedom under Islam ? How strange that. :)
Strangely this clip doesn´t say if poor Abode actually has a valid claim on asylum. Just to claim to "flee violence" is definitely not  enough according to the  international agreements. He has to prove personal persecution and the burden of the proof lies solely on him. As for the integration - this is first and foremost the duty of those who come and ask for asylum, not of the receiving nation.
Idiots
Is very simple to resolve. Back to your country.
Jon Peters -Begone, hungarian fascist Troll.
Of course: neonazi trash from East Europe. You guys are more of a problem in Germany than muslins and refugees. Just saying...
Don't feed the Troll.
Don't worry about us, we are doing just fine. We'll get our nazis under control again. You people just concentrate about having Cheeto Toddler removed from Office, before he starts a nuclear Holocaust.
Bitte wie?
Cute. I never got a chance to read them.
New York Times = promoter of evil and deception
Taulant Sllamniku any sources for that claim?
Angela, is an observant world leader -
a child of East Germany
If they come unskilled, then they'll get funneled into apprenticeships where they learn skills.
The birth rate of Germans has now plummeted to a rate that won't sustain our country in the next couple of decades...we need migrants more than we let on
Maya Oppenheimer the theory is good. But reality does not go so smoothly. There is also a limit on how many you can bring up to speed in apprenticeships etc. Immigration is needed. But the illusion that everybody, regardless of background, will land a job has been debunked.
Don't worry europeans are idiots and don't have children in years black people and muslims going to be majority
If you want to help him send him back home . Germans didn't leave Germany because of the Nazi , they got rid of the Nazi, Liberals are raping the worlds country of their production people , It's easy to take over a country if first you displace all it people.
Poor Europe
Chris Mat Tobias Heim... lest euch die Kommentare durch
#DotardTrump
Leo Brandon we were talking about this today !
This so sad
i know, watching it hurt my heart 😔
Rebecca Chavez I worry more about the daily murders all over this country , committed by Americans. Nobody talks about the thousands that die every year here.
Angela Merkel's conviction is admirable...
Ziaf Rainman
Jess
Danke Heinz very true... say it to my American people
Neil Ramanan
The only problem is that a huge number of them don’t integrate and bring their biases and ignorance into a modern society that is unable to deal with it. If you want to pray 5 times a day and wear a hijab western world isn’t the place for you.
Abbi Fletcher
You should better ask yourself why Europe is so privileged and get some history lessons before making such a comment.
You can tell he has enormous potential, initiativeand leadership skills. He just needs a chance.
Yes, sorry but it is truth. Not the best country to go anymore.
https://www.facebook.com/Krautreporter/videos/1615990545126951/
Might want to take off those horse blinders.
Andrew Westphal
As an American, I will give $ to keep non-Europeans out of Europe$
I hope, he will find happiness...Germans are nice people but like every where there are bad people.  Maybe thru some hobby or sport's team...
This is clearly a false message. I am Swiss🇨🇭 and the refugees brought many problems to europe. Rape and drug trafficking are part of everyday life. In addition, they get a house, food, sickness and social welfare free of charge. it is simply not fair for people who have worked and invested their whole lives. Think of it...
i will watch later
Soros and Obama legacy.
you all knew very well about the evil in germany...so stop complaining...you have thrown yourselves into the frying pan and are slowly being cooked...WAKE UP.
You are kind, and beautiful, and loved! Hatred and racism is entirely manmade.
Gianni Versace
I wish i could be there to help , very sorry......
This is the values and heart of the Mexican people¡¡
God  bless  you  all
Responsible for the massacre: Myanmar's so-called Nobel leader Aung San Suu Kyi.Thousands of women, children, elderly civilians are being massacred. Some are burned, some are tortured and killed. I'm crying but nothing comes from my hand. It is very important that you valuable and strong non-governmental organizations take the world's attention to this massacre. Respectfully from Turkey.🇹🇷️
https://www.amnesty.org/en/
https://twitter.com/TurkKizilayi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1Tv2B87AQA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aq3w3wEYVlI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyoiGgwW5Uc
Por favor evidencien las irregularidades en Morelos. El Gobernador Gracco y su esposa no dejan pasar la ayuda que los ciudadanos estamos mandando a los lugares afectados de ese estado. Hay orden de la presidenta del PRI que todo se vaya a bodegas del DIF. Para proselitismo.

https://www.facebook.com/minerva.salcedo.9/posts/10203782344674796
🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿
howtohelp.mx
This is how people come together, solidarity, humanity, people in Mexico city are tough cookies, strong and resilient, down there its a concrete jungle, and they know how to unite after tragedy strikes. I tip my hat.
yes, just like people tortured and killed by ISIS....
hm
Proud to be a Mexican
This world still has some good in it <3
everyone is working  together so well, this is what it is all about, not looting and stealing, only helping for  the common good, the mexican people make me proud!
the most resourceful people on the planet!
As you see... the people is organizing very well, but the army is "taking control" of some areas, and don't let the volunteers and profesional rescuers get in to get more survivors or bodies out... is there still hope for them... 😢
The strength, the Love, the amazing amounts of giving... Mexico and its people are a blessing to the world #ProudMexican #FuerzaMexico
Isn't that great
God Bless!!
Juan Pantoja Trini Hernandez
🙏🙏🙏🙏🇲🇽
Way to stay on topic, Captain Irrelevant.
Whats stopping you?
God acts through the hands of man
God bless you all
This is beautiful to see.  People caring about other people. Good for them and God Bless them all.  Prayers that many still will be found alive.
Nancy Calixto
No
Still some people dare to say that we, mexicans, are rapists and criminals...
humankind at it's best :)
what's going on?
our Mexican people? Amazing, great. Our government? The worst.
I am thinking of you Luz Maria, Hortensia!
Exactly
Unfortunately not everything is what it seems. Politicians are actually taking advantage of the situation and as it is normal for them they are taking from the people. The political parties are not willing to donate anything and the governor of Morelos a State that was closer to the epicenter is actually stopping trucks arriving with help from other States and keeping it on their own storage places but yes I agree regular normal hard working folks are doing their best to help.
Elisa Morningstar Ruby N Frank Lopez
God d bless them and keep them safe as they arrive to save others!!!!
Its so amazing to see how the government and people helping each other out....
if this is true it is very sad to hear, why must government be so blind to those in need , it seems the whole world is becoming so selfish, those with kind hearts are being over shadowed by the greedy
MexicoStrong!
Amazing all pulling together , only in Mexico
Viva México y su gente! 💖
Prayers for Mexico n its people. Be safe.
The power of the people is greater, our government has been sabotaging our well-being since day one but for once it feels as if we're finally waking up.
VIVA MEXICO!!!!!
it is true, sadly!!!!
sadly!!!!
And president orange aide....is tweeting about athletes
💡🔱Arkadaşlar yardıma ihtiyacı olan arkadaşlarımız, borcu olan memur arkadaşlarımız yedisinden yetmişine paraya ihtiyacı olan herkesin bana ulaşmasını temenni ediyorum, elimden geldiğince iddaa yöntemi ile hem ben kazanıyorum hem sizler kazanıyorsunuz takip etmekten bir şey kaybetmezsiniz dostlar
Magnifico
<3
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 HB Edgar ❤️❤️
amazing
A virtuous virtuoso!
can u teach Penn Conrad how to do this
No sound
👏
Paolo Orsacchini
Awesome!
Beautiful
Love your music. Thank you!
Legend.
great
Aisha Rug
amazing
What a gift!
Welcome, everyone. We're with Philip Glass to talk about his upcoming premiere with the Philharmonic and hear him play. Do you have any questions for Mr. Glass? Leave them in the comments below.
Show!!
Listening from Paris.
Awesome
좋아요
Fabulous!!!!
sounding excellent!
Beautiful! I could listen all day...
Seeing UK premiere of his 11th symphony in Liverpool on Thursday ❤️
👏👏👏👏💙💙💙💙💙
Sybilla Gadson  :)
exactly what I needed. thank you.
Amazing talent
Good evening Mr. Glass.
Gorgeous ❤️
Wonderful, Wonderful.
This guy made me want to be a musician and a composer
Beautiful!
Sigh... One of the great things about the Internet. I have to remember the good stuff.
Can he come to Florida and play with the Florida Orchestra someday? My daughter would love to hear him.
Delightful
Alex Pigeon
👏👏👏👏👏 In BRAZIL 😉
Listening in St. Paul
This surprise made my Friday 😍
Hello
Love Philip Glass
Listening from Finland. Beautiful!
🕉️
Absolutely brilliant; beautiful
아 멋지다
I could listen to him all day.
Great stuff Mr. Phillip Glass.....
Listening from I-5 between Portland and Salem. I am a passenger not driving.
Belleza absoluta!!!
Inspiring surprise this morning -  delighted and grateful.
Wow what experience to witness from home, live
What was his first exposure to music,  &when did he feel this was his calling?
What a great "alarm clock". Listening in Dayton, WA.
Bravo!! 👏❤️❤️
Thank You!!
Why have you not written more art song for solo voice and piano? I adore your music, and (as a professional opera singer) would love to sing some of your vocal music beyond the operas that you have written.
I hear the water flowing...
Yes
Listening in Paris, France.
Cindy Zou for Ben and Daniel.
Hello from Brazil.
Fabulous!!
National Treasure!
👏Good Morning from Victoria 🤗
Does Philip Glass have any plans to visit the UK?
Frm malaysia
Adorável!
You are incredibly inspiring to this art student. Thank you! Question: Would you come to my school IAIA 🤗 ?
perfect plan for friday
Relaxing and stimulating at the same time. Beautiful!
Tkank you ...from Brazil
..........😎
Beautiful!
OMG !!!!!
Beautiful, what a pleasure for a Friday afternoon! ♥️
hello from weifang, shandong, china
So beautiful 😍
Drew Mikuška I am DYING
Si beau!
Really beautiful.
THANK YOU.....xoxo
Linkage to fb is made
Fabulous
Happy Friday night from Bangkok
Merci
Picturesque music!
😀😃😀
Bravo et MERCI ❤️❤️
Wonderfully serene
This is an awesome start to my day!!!!!!!
When are you playing with the Berlin Philharmonie.
Absolutely WONDERFUL.
Ahhh... ❤️
Kira F. Garėjeva
What a beautiful way to start a Friday morning
What a treat!!!!💓💓💓
amazing!!
Jeremy R. Smith
Enjoying from Grandview Heights (Columbus)
Rafa Franco
Cette musique est envoûtante et si belle  !!!
Just beautiful🎼🎼🎼
His music is magical!  I swear it has healing powers...
Graham Harwood
🌸🌸😀😀🌼🌼
Thank you allt the way from Stockholm Sweden.
Any scheduled performances in Princeton, NJ?
A great musician and interpreter. Greetings from Quito, Ecuador.
sempre eccezionale
Philip Glass 🐐🐐🐐
Thanks for creating this beautiful tender moment of grace and connection. Does it offer you the same gift as you're delivering it?
❤️beautiful
🌞👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Can't think of a better way to wake up.
Thank you, Philip Glass and The NY Times.
Simple beautiful ❤️
Desde México, gracias Maestro!!!
Thank you!  It's beautiful and healing and restorative!  Tears are flowing in release of beauty profound.  <3 <3 <3
Lovely!!
Mr Phillip, what's the secret to being so great at the piano? How many times have you practiced throughout the last ten years?
so quiet in this world of noises
☺️💕
Beautiful:)
SIMPLY AMAZING 😉
Thank you for your beautiful music!
Mesmerizing❤️
Philip Glass' music - in particular the string quartets and metamorphosis - helped me move through some incredibly challenging life circumstances. Forever grateful for Mr. Glass and his amazing contribution to the planet. :)
What a wonderful moment 🙏
You are a genius and my absolute favorite living US composer. Thank you for your music and your talent. I have listened to you since high school. I fell in love with your music (Einstein on the Beach) when my then performing arts director set the entire Aldous Huxley play "Brave New World" to your music. ❤️
How beautiful work
Music lover in MS.
Loving this moment! 💜
I could listen to your music all day - thank you
A greek comp with u
thank you.
Great to see Mr. Glass performing live, it sounds like heaven! Any chance to see you in Europe any time soon? Thank you!
Thank you
Peaceful, lovely gift  in crazy, messy time.
Excellent 😊
Amazing!!!
Zac Carr
This is fantastic! What an unexpected surprise. Thank you
Class.
Breck McGough thought you'd enjoy this!
Thank You! 🙏🏼
Looking great!
Watching my newborn hear this for the first time. Magical. Thank you.
Emilio Pons, have you heard his Songs from Liquid Days? That is partly for operatic voices.
Samantha Frances
Olá bom dia
Tenho vários trabalhos do Sr Glass. Ótimos!
Thanks for the music !
Your music is so inspiring for me as a violinist and composer. I love it all! 💕
Peaceful 😍
I'm listening to your wonderful music in Germany, Mr. Glass. Absolutely gorgeous.  Thank you.
Simply wonderful!
thank you Philip Glass
Love Phillip Glass!
It's great to see Mr. Glass,, absolutely dense and beautiful
I love the double concerto for violin and cello, too! so great!!  :D
Listening from Cincinnati! Thank you, Mr. Glass! Beautiful!!!
You are Extraordinary Artist never been moved by music like yours
Beautiful
Beautiful Music! Regards from México.
Thanks you! that was wonderful xx
Do you have any questions for Philip Glass? Leave them in the comments below, and we'll ask some.
Listening from Dallas ... please come play here!!!
Do you continue to work with dance? If so, who recently?
Thank you for your dedication. How long do you play every day? Does visualization ever help you master a piece?
Good morning from Bucks County Pennsylvania 🎶☀️
Like in a dream, I'm lying in a sofa listening to Philip Glass. Thank you so much.
Any plans for more movie scoring? I'm particularly fond of your score for The Hours and listen to it frequently (as well as your music from the Truman Show).
Would like to hear if Mr. Glass will be releasing his own version of the recording of the 2nd volume of his Etudes after already having done the first half.
You're considered one of the most influential composers alive. What do you think it is about your music that inspires so many others?
Listening in California!  Loved his first book , , ,along with the music...
Please come to Copenhagen :)
Mr. Glass we hope to see you in Italy for Concert, is it possible?
I love to listen to and play the music of Philip Glass 🎹🎶👍
😀
What are your primary influences and who do you listen to now?
Hello from Sao Paulo, Brazil! How was your experience presenting in our city last week? I was there and, from my side, it was absolutely beautiful :)
I was a dancer and choreographer for so many years and I danced/made dances to his music. He is so important to the dance world both professionally, semi professionally, and amature dancers. How often do you choreograph for dance specifically?
What inspires you to compose? Do you seek inspiration from the landscape, art or poetry?
How is the process of composing for films and working along with directors/editors?
love you
Philip, I found a poster from April 12, 1983 - it's from a performance at Colorado State University - how was that show?
How is the process of composing for films and working along with directors/editors?
How many projects do you work on at a time? Do you try to limit this?
Will the stage production of Einstein on the Beach continue touring?
Please discuss your score of "The Hours." Inspiration, process, reception, etc.
I've been so taken with all of your film scores, particularly "The Hours." for which you were robbed the Oscar!! Could you speak about any upcoming film collaborations?
Zoé Vescia 😍😍😍😍😍
What is your favorite piece personally and who is your favorite person to collaborate with?
Please say hello and thankyou so much from Melbourne Australia
I so enjoyed your memoir! So many insights into your work and approach to music.
How can I send you the pieces I've written inspired by your music?
Diogo Vilhena
What is the piece Mr. Glass just performed?
The joy for what he does and the joy of collaborating just bursts forth from his soul and lends a charming sparkle to his eyes
You're such a versatile composer! Thank you from Tennessee!
Do you compose songs to films?
Does he need a Page-Turner?
Mr Glass do you think music is the best way for humans to explain existence?
Koyaanaskatzi was so prescient of the world we have now.
thank you for making such beautiful music. your Metamorphosis II and IV were the first songs i learned where i felt like i could express myself rather than just playing the notes
Heyy Mr. Glass!
Love the music, also hearing the composer discussing his work!
Mike Schneider
Beautiful.
Excited to see The Photographer here in Taiwan in December! I’m almost positive it’s the premiere here.
Joseph
Studying your Etudes. Awesome and fun to play! Any hints about interpretation and studying methods? PS: went to your concert in Rio last week! Amazing time and a privilege see you playing! Thank so much for the experience!
What has been the influence of Nadia Boulanger on your music and composing ?
Opera = Film :D
THANK YOU!
Speaking of opera, The Perfect American at the ENO a few years back was incredible
Have you considered doing another Songs From Liquid Days?
Mr Glass you deserve an Honorary Oscar
helpful insights about collaborators
live stream is a step back for media consumption we are back to tv .  it sucks please use inline video we can replay at the time of our choosing.
Met you once many years ago and you were so kind and humble. 💕
Looking forward to Phillip's being in Winnipeg for the WSO's New Music Festival in 2018!
Do you think Judaism has played a role in the development and creating of your music? Shanah tova!!
Honorary Oscar for Mr. Glass!
Oh my gosh! :))
Metamorphosis 2!!!!!
metamorphosis II!
Thanks for watching, everyone. Mr. Glass is performing one final piece for us.
Ahhhh!!!!
Saw him perform in Paris... beautiful memories!!
Nice!
😍
<3 Thanks!
I'm playing this in a faculty concert next month  :)
Beautiful
Beautiful 💕
Lost, am just gone!
oh a little change there with the C# very nice
hope he gets to read the comments
Love that piece!!!!!!!
Thanks for sharing this moment Nyt
Thank you so much for playing
Beautiful, thank you!
Thank you
Sublime
Thank you.
Pierre Pariente
Join us tonight and Sat: http://bit.ly/2wGdZ7i
This is a gift , as are all your works. I am hoping to hear another Opera by Mr. Glass. Is he is working on something now?
It moves you...absolutely beautiful...
Thank you, that was lovely xxx
Thank you for taking the time to do this. What a treat on a Friday morning.
👍🏼👌🏼🙌🏼
Thank you ... from Brazil
Brilliant💕
Huge fan here in SWFL! ❤️
When a double concerto for violin and piano with orchestra? So deep and emotional music you write!
Great!
Il, maestro !!!🥂🍾
Such an amazing talent. Thank you ❤️
For Tali
💛💚💙😛❤️💥🙏from Bloomington Indiana
Que maravillosa es la música de Philip Glass amazing
Bravo!
Amazing! Love his score for the Lugosi 'Dracula!'
Michael Casey Clark
Maha Elias
Such wonderful !
Thank you so very much for reading my comment, The New York Times + Josh Barone ! I've admired Philip Glass for many years but never been able to share my gratitude in person; needless to say, this made my week! Much gratitude. :)
Mary Cooper 😁😁
Thank you Phillip Glass! The man that taught me to listen between the chords. There's an eternity in there.
Genius musician.   What a wonderful thing to have someone like him in our lifetime.   Sublime.
Ben Kevelson
Thank you for providing such a magical ending to a very hard week.
Transporting ... Thanks Mr Glass for so many years of inspirational music and listening. ❤️
Beautiful
Touches my soul! 💕💕💕
Transformational.
Beautiful
Hauntingly beautiful!
Just fantastic!
I love the album "Solo Piano" so much! A visit in vienna would be great!
Healing!
Andrew Napier
Good Morning this person touch so much Fantastic wonderful  Thank you for these music so beauty.
Also the Mishima film score was inspired!
Fantastic music !
Thank you!
Awesome! Thanks for making my morning better!
Lovely
Thank you, your music is beautiful! 🎼😊
Jonathan Duranleau
I love this man and his talent
Celestial music!!!
Filling my soul with peace and beauty. ❤️ What a Master.
Emilio Pons, I am reminded by your last name of the beautiful soprano and actress Lily Pons! I see you're a tenor. Are you related to her? 🎼😊
An amazing gift
Beautiful
😃
Omg beautiful
However briefly, this takes one to another place! Bravo!
We had the opportunity to pay homage to this esteemed artist last week. I will never forget. Marcelo Mantovani
Wow!
Thanks. I read his book Words without Music, absolutely fascinating.
From Tijuana mexico i Love Your music - god bless you
Nice next month in Amsterdam in the 'melkweg'.....
❤
The piece invokes a lot of emotions in me. Could you ask him about the genesis of the piece?
I love the beginning of this.
👏🏻 ❤️from Firenze Italia
😛
Palm Springs California
Why am I crying?
Very good
Lost sound and picture.
🗣❣️
Houston, TX♥️
Beth Bayers Harvison!!
Wonderful!
I don't think the errors matter much.
Melanie Herold Awe...more 💜
Thank you.
brilliant... as usually
My most beloved piece by any composer
This has been amazing xx
This is really nice, i could listen all day.
👏🏿👏🏻👏🏽👏👏🏼👏🏾
He is great.
This sounds like nature set to music.
I was fortunate to attend a very memorable, mystical, magical rainy P. Glass performance in Pittsburgh many years ago.
beautiful
Ah, now it makes sense. Orig for organ.
Antoine, I believe the video will be available after the live broadcast
Yeah!!
Watching
Heavy thumbs but maybe that's what he means.
Lovely.
Transparent
Music is such a gift
Listening from Peachtree City, Ga. Thank you.
Beautiful :-)
Minimal mastery!
Norma Dominguez she was PHENOMENAL, but unfortunately I am not related either to her or Juan Pons. Also not to Josep Pons, the conductor from the Liceu.
So very relaxing .
A genius , Einstein on the Piano
Studying your Etudes. Awesome and fun to play! Any hints about interpretation and studying methods? PS: went to your concert in Rio last week! Amazing time and a privilege see you playing! Thank so much for the experience!
Listening from Taiwan. Love Philip Glass so much!
The man is a genius Einstein on the Piano
Oh...so magnificent!
This is pur Magic! I love this man....
♥️
You made my morning beautiful ....
Listening from Upper Michigan
Magique
Maestro!
Remembering "The Hours"!
I'm enchanted!
Are the songs played named anywhere?
Would love to see him in Belgium, bruxelles
Not pleasant to listen to.  Piano ramblings
Depth and wider vision beyond.❤️
Philippe Roukoz
Glenn Ward
Gorgeous
Awesome THIS!🐰
Just what I needed this morning! Thanks Phillip!
His playing evolutionary to the point of luminous liquid light🌊🌈🌈
Will you ever do a live performance of Powaqqatsi again?
Eduardo Zimbron David Zimbrón Ortiz
Loveley
Meditation🙏
Vincent Pomo
Mr Glass came to play in SP last weekend. It is first time, I listen his music.
Exactly what I needed in this moment. Beauty.
Nuestra incertidumbre ~ Reflection of our worldly
Gregory Ross
kk
Wonderful
Tom!
Missed you live but thankful to be listening to video recording.
Love your music, Philip...
Magical!
He's live!!!! I'm so happy to see this! Mad Rush takes me to my happy place.
Brings life to my cumbersome morning. Listening from Ohio. ❤❤❤
Ahhhhh
Such an amazing artist!
Lovely.
Music in my ears and soul
Beautifull
😍
😍
Glass is my all-time hero. I adore this song and can't wait to hear it performed this weekend!
So beautiful so magic
Prem Dadlani this is what I miss
Marvelous
Name of piece he just played?
Thanks Phillip....always liked your music....
❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for this comforting moment of Meditation.
Lindo...Maravilhoso
Daniel Holladay - I appreciate this man so much because of your influence.
There's only one Philip Glass♥♥♥
Maravilhoso! Watching from Brasil!
Soulful music 🎶❤️
Inspiring
I call this one Rolling Jumbly Fingers Go Carr
Mmm
Te quiero Philip, I love you so much. You are magic. Your music are perfect.
Can you ask Mr.Glass what inspiration was for this piece?
No words ❤️
Hmmm... Merci ✨⚡🌷
I could sit back and listen to this for hours; yeah, days
The piece he's playing at the start of this video is Mad Rush. One of my favorites to play but I could never play it as well as he does.
The piano was created for his talent
Mary Stanton
Precisely what our world needs for soothing and strength.  Thank you Philip Glass
Thank you Anna from Stockholm❤️
Please come to Istanbul
Thank you Mr. Glass
Susie Donnelly Mahoney
Great
Excellent!!
Gorgeous!
Fantastico
My hero!
Kristen Kampetis
Thank you , my soul is happy again
Mesmerizing!
Joe watch this...
Andy Page
Mad Rush ❤️
Ed mi maxima inspiracion...la comapñera ideal para la pintura
Incredible
Any soundtracks on the way?
Andy Page This is quality
help, is the record stuck?
Listening in Atlanta.
wish I could go...love him....
I shoot a short movie about his misic art PHOTOHRAPHER in 90...
@Manon Hasselmann-Queyrat
Interesting C# in Metamorphosis 2.
Amo la musica di Glass. Quanta affinità di stile.. tra i Due. Sono già in adrenalinica trepidazione per la bellezza che ci attende domenica. Grazie Alessia, per questo splendido video. 🙂
Thank you! It is a gift.
Was this piece not part of the Tree of Life soundtrack?
Exellete
That was stunning and sublime. Thank you.
für mich einer der größten Künstler 😍😍😍
From Chile, thank you very much <3
love this minimalism
I've actually danced to both of these pieces in a class setting and in performance. He is so huge and important to the dance world. Mad Rush is so awesome.
Love SOOOOO MUCH LOVE
Michael Nick Joey
Opening paths for hearts to flow free...beautiful music, cheerful and communicates beyond words.🌸
Thank you!!!!!
Thank you for every note and moment of your music, Philip Glass. Listening in California.
Thank You so very very much Mr. Glass. ❤️🙏🏼
What a talent!
Thanks for replying. With so many Pons in the musical world, it's surprising you aren't related! Anything of yours I could listen to: you tube, CDs etc? Be well! 🎼😊
Didn't he use to wrestle under the name El Diablo?
Steph mira que hermoso esto <3
Love
Unsurpassable!
The hours! Great music and movie!!!!!
mon compositeur préféré.  il me fait rêver. merci Mr Philip glass.
Wow
🍷
You are one of the most celebrated composers alive today. What were the biggest challenges you faced in getting people to value your music at the beginning of your career, and how did you overcome setbacks and rejection from your peers, classical purists, and society as a whole?
a gentlemen's honour.
This seriously made my day! Such a gift to get to interview and listen to great composers play their own music!
Allison Olivarez
Excellent !!!
I hope see you in concert, thanks for sharing this.
Food for the soul
I love this man and his talent
Grazie per la tua meravigliosa musica
Rocío Garcialonso 😍
😍 ayyyy nosotros!
Was delighted to see and hear him many years ago in a downtown Edmonton church performing a number of his compositions. So glad that his style and creativity continues to this day.
And one for Mahler!
We are so lucky to see him play his art
How can he find the motivation after all these years? What a dedication. We are so lucky to see him play
Mr Glass please some to Turkey for a concert so that we can listen your art live
He wishes
Bello!! Mágico!!! Hermoso!!!....
Bravo !!!!!
Thank you Philip Glass!!
Love that. From Chile!
Love you Mr. Glass. You've given so much beauty to this world. I've seen you live 3 times and will always go to your shows when you come.
Wow!
I'd love to premiere one of your piano pieces.
Chicago
❤️
Amo , Luiz Carlos Gonçalves .... !!!!
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Listening from Sweden
oooh can't wait to listen
Still so beautiful & peaceful
Corsica✨💕
Love you work for the movie The Hours!
Hele mooie muziek
Thanx from Paris, france❤️
Awsome
Mágico!!!
Any plans working with Robert Wilson again?
Great
Trank
Thank
What a treat
Pons is a popular last name in Cataluña. I might as well be "Smith"! 😊 However, I'm Mexican, not Spanish, and a dual citizen of Mexico & Germany. 

To answer your question:

https://youtu.be/v8Zd5s4UK2g
Or: 

https://youtu.be/DyCkhzLy4j8
Or: 

https://youtu.be/UFue7wZkJyc
Maestro......
And 

https://youtu.be/QHyt9-a81gM

Amongst others. Thanks for your interest.
Hello from Dallas!  Music of angels is what I am hearing.  Thank you for such beauty.
Immortal!
Phillip Simmons
Thank you, Mr. Glass. I hear  echoes of eternity and great pathos.
Love this.
Maravilloso me encanta 😍
I'm not sure if the Glass is half full or empty
Absolutely stunning performance.   As a piano teacher, my piano kids will watch your performance this week.
Beautifull
Saludos desde Perú, enamorada de la música!!!
Con sólo escucharlo desaparezco me vuelvo invisible💓💓💓
Sr. Glass tiene magia en sus dedos!!!
Amy Burt my Dad is a massive fan of Philip Glass, if you send him the clip he will be able to tell you all of the songs, and probably various "interesting" facts about them!
💗💗💗💗
Victoria Burt yes! He's not on FB though! I've got one album called Solo Piano...so good
Thank you! So beautiful.
I've just sent him a screenshot and asked him if he wants to log into my account!
Love;) THX;)
I am taking you on our honeymoon and will play your music over a Croatian sunset xxxx
Amo!!!!
...processo additivo/sottrattivo
It would be great if Mr Glass would do more performances like this.
Merci
💖💖💖
Not sure if you knew, but he's coming out with a rap album, under the moniker, "P-Glass"...and word on the street is that it's off tha chain!!!
Good morning from Sydney Australia 🇦🇺 Mr Phillip Glass.
Oh Mr. Glass. This is beautiful but The Light is the most flawless piece of music ever.
We met backstage a long time ago in Brazil, when I was doing my masters thesis on Afro Brazilian rhythms to induce trance. I documented 27 of the rhythms, and came up with some very interesting mandala like patterns. I would love to share it and more with you if you are still interested. My email is chris@musicwizard.com
Beautiful
Outstanding.
Beautiful - by whom or what are you inspired?
its like watching mozart warm up for a concert... the mozart of our times!
Daniel Rocha
Perfect!
God of music!
Portugal!😂
Hazel Marzapane
Visit Portugal soon?
Wait a minute.. Am I really watching THE Philip Glass playing Mad Rush live..???? 😮
:) :)
Love from Heidelberg
Super!!!
Kathleen Mattson for you
Thanks you for this moment.
Stunningly beautiful, makes my heart sing ❤️
Hopefully you can have a concert in Ireland soon
Love from Ventura!
Can't wait for October 9 at Hollywood bowl!! Please be there, Mr. Glass! It'd be a dream come true
I love you
Mr Glass I always love listening to your music, it transports me to a place filled with purity, joy and peaceful bliss
Thank you from Brasil
👏👏👏👏👏💙💙💙💙😍
Perfect while playing fetch with my dog. Flawless!
Lori Scacco.
Loved it! 🎼
So great! 🎼
Emilio Pons love The Messiah! This was magnificent! 🎼
Norma Dominguez thank you!
I love all yours musics
Exquisite and ethereal piece.
Never heard this piece, but I loved it!
You have such a marvelous tenor voice, I feel honored you replied to my humble request and pointed me to your music! I see more on You Tube and I'll be listening to more!
I'm not a musician or have degrees in music, but I love music! Hope to find some Mozart on You Tube. Happy to see you're  Mexican (I'm Puertorican and my hubby was Mexican) and I'm happy to have made your acquaintance even if it's on FB! Some of my grandkids are very musical and play drums, piano and flute! With so much tragedy in Mexico and PR, music is a soul soother! 
Sorry to ramble on! 🎼🎼😊
Shaná Tová
Again, thank you. Music really can bring people together, perhaps more so than other forms of artistic expression.
Thank you
What do you feel or see in your mind when you play? You seem to belong to another dimension with your music.
Awesome! I hope I can play like that one day x
Beautiful
Flowing
Thanks
<3
What a beautiful music
Love it!
Pompano Beach FL
How much delicate awesomeness ❤️❤️
Ann Middleton
Just beautiful 💕
Listening in N Ireland
Listening from New Zealand.👌
💛❤️💜
Yes!
Amo la musica di Glass!Best!!!
😍😍😍
Magnificent!
Andrew Emil
Deez nutz Jacob Tycko
Beautiful to end my day!
😍😍😍😍😍😍
thank you, thank you, thank you for your melodies
Awesome
Thank you m. Glass
Decades of listening and loving your music.
❤️❤️👏👏👏👏❤️
Oh.wow. So. Beautiful. Canberra Australia
Awesome
Amazing song, it's make me remember beautiful moments
Have this one on my piano right now, many thanks!
Beautiful.
The Hours and Einstein are only second to Satyagraha imo
Question please ask him about playing 3 against 2. where does that come from and how does he use it?
Thank you!
Superb
O infinitamente belo. Obrigada
Beautiful
Saw thisblive at the Art Institute it never fails to deliver. Sublime and exquisite.
Truly wonderful!
Absolutely captivating.
Maddy Bortes
Breath taking performance. I have so much respect for musicians, really talented people. I'm a singer and a pianist myself. Music is my life.
Fascinating..
This reminds me of his wonderful score for "The Thin Blue Line".
😍
Love.
I've been working on parts of The Hours for month. Challenging but rewarding
Awesome.
Μουσική μαγεία
Saw you in Toronto and LA.  Please hurry back to Houston.
Stephanie r u hear
Amazing to be able to watch you play !
The greatest composer in the world.  Love.
Stephanie and Christer have a great time with Phillip
I have always loved his work 🖤🖤🖤
mooi
Thx for sharing Lee - brilliant
I learned to hear when I worked in the music library in a small art school in laruinburg NC I am so glad those records in that little room.
👏🏻👏🏻 the. Best !
Tom Dalzell get him to Glasgow!
Big talent !! In chile  I was at his  concert😀
My favourite song from him! Legend!!!!
Beautiful.
I do believe so wholeheartedly! I wish you a great success with the benefit for earthquake relief! (I took the liberty of checking your profile page)! 😊🎼
Bellísimo
Que grada le terminar el vienes con esta música 🎶
Nice song thanks for your I'm happy.
Muchas felicidades Juanita, que tengas un excelente día, te mando un abrazo!
指间流出的美好会永驻
Great
Brilliant
goosebumps
Merveilleux Artiste XXX
Marian Thompson Wellman <3
Listening from Kyoto
This... and a 🍹
Oniric atmospheres
this is fabulous.
Lovely way to start the weekend!
❤️🙏🏻❤️🙏🏻❤️🙏🏻
Beautiful ❤️
A storm of music fiercely delicate.
This touches my soul. Amazing, meditative, magical. Thank you for sharing your wonderous gift with the world.
Maravilloso philip glass, desde que te descubrí amo tu música, amo tu obra, maravilloso de verdad ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
We'd love to see you in Maine!!
Caracas
Genius
Beautiful
Such beauty....
😘
Thank you!Love it❤️
MAD RUSH!
Very good
Sensacional
Thank you!!
Do you know same genius like you but a little younger and avalaible to fall in love ?)))
🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
I was just playing this yesterday. Saw and met him live a couple years ago. Always wonderful to listen to.
Any relatives from Swindon England.My great grandmother Mercy Glass was a lock keeper My grandmother Nellie Glass/Dickin asked me to find any Glass family who went to New York and lost touch .I said "I'll try" Love the music.Margaret Roth
I feel mountains of my Tibet when I hear you performing this song 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Ron W Franck
People of Tibet love you sir 🙏🏼
I like to play your music driving the road to Barstow, the one that passes by Edwards Air Force Base, and California City. And right now, as I watch the sunset behind Mt Tam.
Speechless beauty. 💕
情緒的かつ情熱的。素敵です！
I have a piano at home but I don't think it can do this. 😀
He is the best ❤️
❤️🌈
Thank u so much!! :))
Thank you for such beauty
fantastico
Simply awesome! Love from India!
Beth Teitell
Your music has helped me to continue with my life in difficult times. Thanks!
Adam Fleischmann
J'adore merci
Aemt
A moment of pure grace in Phil's harmonics
Wonderful!!!
Thank you!
Evan Seickel
Awesome!
Check this Derek Demel
Thank you. Your music means so much to me.
At 83 your music makes me feel young again.
بسيار زيبا
Amazing
From " The Hours " is my music ❤️
Stefano, Caio, Michelle
Now for some beautiful music  Thank you Philip Glass!
From Portugal 🇵🇹 We love your work
Is Philip playing tomorrow?
Seems softer, lighter, more ethereal.... wish he would write the music for more operas.
Yeah -- it's breaking my heart a little bit that I won't be at this performance... :-(
I was honored that aaPhilip wrote one of his first film scores, decades ago, for my absurdist short, Railroaded. It's on YouTube.
Love it
Emma
Milan Monk
Golden hands
Listening from Buenos Aires, astonishing performance!
Just beautiful. Thank you for this gift
Thank you from Sacramento, California
Love the operas, especially Satyagraha!
Sounds like The Thin Blue Line to me....lol!
Rebecca, remember when we saw live interview with him - his answers were long  meandering and couple times forgot what original question was.
the illusionist too ❤️
Too many chords! Lol!
Minimal....oh I get it
An amazing gift!
Sarah White
Very talented.
Lovely
❤
Extraordinary Vibration... Deep Huma
Maestro!
Koto Tama Futomani... the great healing vibration of the universe...
Toquese una de Metallica
Might you tell us your experience in each note you play? The sound... what they make you feel?
HH the Dalai Lama says the sacred way of music might just be the rightful way of communication...
How is this play called?
Many configurations and collaborations...
Steven Fortson
Please come to Rio de Janeiro! We love your work!
The replay ain't too shabby either
simply a 28 year old love affair from afar !! thank you!!!
Saw Einstein on the Beach at BAM 2013. Haven't been the same person since
Thank you for
Thank you from Sydney 🇦🇺!
Modern Classical music that sounds sublime? Thought it would never happen. Thank you. Hope for one of the most precious and flailing art forms.
Changed my life
❤️
Listening from Naracoorte in country South Australia 💗🎹🎵🎶🎼
Menakjubkan, bisa menonton anda main
Siempre hermoso y climatico su musica es un bellísimo viaje
😍😍
Beautiful
I tried to do a rhythm by tapping the hearts....they randomize !!
Unspeakably beautiful💗

The music sounds the way light dances across rippling water...
I started to play piano without any theories; and usually they are minimalistic and emotional. I wanted to know is it better to learn the theory and play or let my heart and brain follows the passion and let the pure feelings decide for playing the keys? - thank you so much for these beautiful musics; I have been inspired from your musics specially The Hour..
Einstein on the beach again danke schaen
How do you think about a person conposing songs on piano without knowing a theory? Or is it necessity to learn the theory?
what inspired you to compose this work
Does theory matters in composing minimal songs? What if someone doesnt know theory and still composes?
Love Philip Glass
When you come to Glasgow Concert Hall or The Sage Newcastle, David and I will be there!
So beautiful, this part
Thank you so much
❤️
Verehrung aus Deutschland!
thank you!
This is "Mad Rush"!

Beautiful thank you. Saturday morning magic by a beach in East Lothian Scotland. ⭐️⭐️
Thank you! beautiful!
Moi...j'adore !
Stunning....
Simon Trempe
cool
Jill MFn Howlett- 💋🎹⏳💭
Outstanding!
Truly beautiful
We've had him in Glasgow. Twice.
Grande maestro
Grandioso!...
Love it😍💙💙
Very emotional yet so beautiful 💜 love this piece
Lo amo
Thanks
❤️
Nadhera
Sublime
Any plans for another opera? Gary in London
Listen to Philip glass for four hours in a concert and see what you then think. This work is not as austere as many of his pieces
Just one more way in which The NY Times enhances my life. Thank you!
Guido Lenzbach
I wonder if Alane knew about this concert. She has adored Philip Glass since she was about 10.
🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆
<3
Magic...
😍😘
So inspiring.....
magnifique
Great, so happy to SEE my favorite music such a great musician xx
If the heavenly realms have sound it would sound somewhat like this i believe
Rafael Lührs
❤️❤️❤️
Gorgeous
Amazing!
Amazing composition and performance...
Maestralno
David William Murray
Tom Grady!!!
Philip Glass👏👏👏👏👏👏
Why can't you write atonal or rhythmically interesting music?
Gracias hacer el mundo un poco mejor con tu música.
Mad Rush; a favorite piece of mine.    Love you Philip Glass! 💜
Masterpiece....takes you on a gentle wave so far away 💐
From Beijing with love. Mr. Glass.
Bravo
Bellísimo
Absolutely breathtaking !!!!
yeah but I was about 4 years younger. I can go next time lol
Your music is healing and amazing
Great! Thanks...
Everlasting music , thank you for making life beautiful with your music
Mishima <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/67Q4nHgj1oQ" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
Little piece of heaven..
So immersive & one of my favourite composers. I would love to ask Philip if he visualises anything whilst he plays?
Saludos desde Chile.
Why oh why can't I be at the premiere? I fell in love with his music when by luck I first heard "mishima."
If I could do that I'd never leave my home! Beautiful!
Philip G
Philip Glass, In your movie/documentary, you said that the music is already out there, you just have to write it down.  Those words stayed with me, still.  Can you speak more to those words?  Do you feel you tap into the future? Meaning, the future is already there?  And you just have to write it down?  Thank you.  🌷
Brandon Ye
<3
Amée laat pap eens zien
Woooo
Michael Strand
Thank you for make part of my life soundtrack
WONDERFUL
Amazing
玻璃先生！
Gracias maestro. Desde Ecuador.
Supra!
Fantastic
So amazing! Thank you for sharing!
How long did it take him to write this piece and what was the inspiration?
:)
Mr Glass, what goes through your mind when you are playing this beautiful piece?
Amazing, beautiful, estupendo, de tirar o chapéu 🎩. Thank you for sharing.
This brings tears to my eyes...-amazing...
I can't imagine we will have the type of budget that will allow a next time - unfortunately.
thank u Philip. thanks from Argentina!
Yi Nan
Your music has saved and mended my heart every time is has been broken <3
💕
Beth Bond Levy
Amazing
Harish Pathak
Glass is a genius. So talented
Je to nádhera až mam zimomriavky na tele
A true gamechanger!
"Ja, mooi is dat"
Julio
Nikola Tek
How sad for the journalist that his firsts words after this amazing piece was to introduce himself..
Do you see colours or images when you write music?
Pán klavirista klobúk dole pred takýmto mužom a výkonom
Love it
Wonderful! 
Thank you.
Beautiful to start the morning with. Thank you Philip Glass.
Hello from Austin and thank you for your music
Silence ans Transporting. Thanks for this moment. Sounds flowing...
Oscar Reza te reto
Brutal...flores!¡ Flores aire....
This is simply one of the most extraordinarily beautiful things I have ever heard.
Touching waves
You're a genius.
Metamorphosis II and "the Hours"... Truly masterpieces
Merci pour ces moments de pure poésie musicale!
Where do you go from here?
Gracias Philip
What do you see in the future for music? Evolving from what you contributed in minimalism...
Adam Cad
So magic !
Thank you mr Glass! Mad Rush accompanied both me and my wife's wedding and later the birth of our son:)
Is It Possible for Music to Have as It's Point of Origin The Very Exchange Between Action and Experience in a Particular Place?
I'm thinking of Grand Canyon; Machu Pichu; Pyraminds of Giza; Northern Lights; 
as much as in Certain Places & Events...
Auschwitz
Birkenau
Dachau
Hiroshima
Nagasaki
Twin Towers & Fall (2001)
Shanksville, Pennsylvania
Plane Downed by Hero Passengers (2001)
Mexico City Quake (2017)

In other words? Is the Challenge of our Time, in an Era of Global Catastrophe, to Hear, Feel, Experience, Write & Listen to Music which is as Much about being Impacted by The Earth even as The Earth is Impacted by Us in an Evolving Dance Movement of Relatiinship?
Dana Gust Carr did you see this?
Grande musica...
Lets go!
Beautiful!
Do you have compositions for cello?
so cool!  wish i was there.
Absolutely beautiful.
Your work is so full of movement and visual imagery. Did you work with artists from other fields?
Your music, Sir, turned me into a contemporary music lover🌟
Mad Rush ❤️
Google rick and Adam wakeman playing Elinor Rigby
"Songs From Liquid Days" is one of my favorite albums
What a lovely suprise, love him and all his music and talents. Xxxx mojoy
Lovely to hear Philip speaking. I last heard him in his family documentary a few years ago! When his children was small xxx mo
beautiful
Forgot to thank you sir! For your playing here. From Maureen in Ireland 🇮🇪
🤗💕💕💕💕💕
Absolutely sublime. ❤️
Conor
Sharon Leahy!
Thank you for your music
Beautiful!
!!!!Just saying
Christopher Whyte
😍😍😍
Thank you for serendipity
Merveilleuse musique de Philip Glass!
Philip Glass !! Is amazing , always herring at home !!One genius !  Very sensible !!
Jajaj ya estuviera!!
Listening from Berrima, NSW, Australia. Music for the soul from the most admired Mr Glass. Thank you for the blessing of your work
One day i told to my husband. I want his music in my funeral service when i die.
I love your music so much.
The first time i listened his music was with in the hours movie after that i adored it
Bravo
So beautiful 💓
Beautiful
Does Mr. Glass still reside sometimes in Canada? If so, when will he be hosting his next kitchen party and what kind of beer does he keep in his fridge?
Love you 🌹
Tully Olson
Philip glass,maestro!!!!!
amazing， beautiful， touching
inspiring, he express the loneliness of our stage
Beautiful. Still remember his performance in Brussels.
Nicolas Denis
Splendido ... Grande
❤️
I left a question for him!!  How can the music already be out there?  He just has to write it down?  Ty
Douglas Kopseng
Adrian
Florent Bachelier
So lovely piece and watching PHILIP GLASS playing this?
Saw him last Sunday in São Paulo, him and his other musicians were wonderful. Last time I saw him was in Houston Texas in 1974...phew
Dublin... beautiful sounds bringing calm & joy...
Every day glass is needed in my life
Feeling free
💕
Mesmerising and goosebumpy 🎼🎹💕
Love your music ❤️
Glorious!!
Violin Concerto #1 is my favorite piece of music hands down. Thanks for the brilliance that you share.
❤
Best 20th century composer 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
Beautiful.
I’m an ER MD sitting in an amazingly quiet ER and listening to this piece. I also play. I have always loved your music as far back to my college Percussion Ensemble.
Wonderful
Awesome !!!
Thank you for your music! Words can't express the beauty and heartfelt emotion that is felt with every note.❤️
if glass had not existed, I would have had a huge hole in the soul.
How do you look back on your collaborations with Errol Morris and how did you compose differently for his films
For film scoring: Did you score to picture or did you give the filmmakers the score and they edited to your music?
Oh dear. It's so tedious!

❤
Very tender music to my ears like  a walk on the beach. Water flowing
Moving and beautiful on such a profound level. It evokes feelings I don't want to name, lest they lose their ethereal quality.
Gracias
Philip Glass is the real deal.
😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Venha para o Brasil!!!!!
Soul soaring
Dommage que l'enregistrement soit aussi mauvais.
I imagine so much while listening to you play. Your playing allows me to think past stress and past daily pains. Past the notes, what images do you imagine whilst you play? Or what thoughts do you you have? Thank you.
Jon Ciambotti !!!
Lovely. His speaking shows his dedication and industriousness to his artistry as well as his humility and eagerness to listen and keep growing his art from hearing others perform
Fantástico.
Marvelous Phillip Glass
♥️⚘
Beautiful.
Simply epic
I would like to ask him what felt during his writing of Pruitt Egoe
Imagine all this and more from The Taxi Driver. Great dedication. Thanks
What a talent! Thank you Philip!
Gorgeous!
Amazing!,
Los Angeles, CA!
I love real music 🎶
love it
stunning
Sounds like life.
wow, just wow
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Magnifique !!!
Sammie Arts
Beautiful! We'll see you next week in Carmel
One of the best..❤️❤️❤️❤️
beautifull Phillip !
mad rush
Kirstie Imber
Beautiful hands set the stage
Beautiful! Thank you!
On adore et on connaît bien
I admire that he doesn't fall asleep with his boring tunes.......
Spellbound.
Just magnificent...listening from Kathmandu
👍👍👍
And this is why Philip Glass is my favorite modern day composer.
Thank you
Lovely🔥
👍👍💐
ང་བོད་པ་ཡིན་ཕི་ལིབ་ལགས་ནས་བོད་འཕྲུག་བསོད་་ནམ་ཅན་རེ་གཉིས་ལ་ལམ་བསྟོན་གནང་བ་ཤེས་འབྱུང་བས་བཀྲིན་ཤིན་ཏུ་ཆེ་ཆེ་
🙏❤️
Please Mister GLASS , come play your metemorphosis in Europe it s one of my dream . Virginie
Wonderful!
💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝
Beautiful!  😍
Thank you Bette 💕
its amazing , embrace my soul!!
No one understands Philip Glass.....unless you're stoned!
Never stop!
Your music enables us to step out of the world to then embrace it.
Your music is what my circulatory system would sound like on the piano; heart, veins,  oxygen. Utterly human music. See you again in Big Sur next year.
This reminds me of a rain storm.
Beautiful!!!
I will just lay here a little longer. Fanx mr Glass
🇩🇰👏
Music from his heart to ours ..so so beautiful
What a treat .
❤️
Spiritedly moving
Ihanaa😍💕
What a gift you give us. Thank you brilliant Phillip Glass.
Koyanniqatsi
Classic
Thank you !! desde México 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼❤️
I remember having the pleasure of seeing Akenathen at BAM in the 80's. Please reprise that work so I can take my teenage sons, who are also fans of your music. 🙏🏼
Beautiful, thank you
Wonderful
Will you come to LA? 🎶
He understands gravity as only an ex plumber could. Fantastic.
Hola from canarias islands
Beautiful
Beautiful notes of peaceful tranquility !
Wow
Prolific.
Amazing control. Its like having split personality shine through your music.
Thinking of the great time we had in Nice with you Agathe Béranger. ❤
Bethany Foxx Leyla Sertel
Katie Hazen
Estefania García-Correa Anthony Battaglia
Nice is nice. Great seafood, among other things...
Ceci Moran Niza, Francia.
Claudia Luo
Sarah Monaghan timely!!!!
Let's go Doug Pooler!
Izabela Šušak, your Nice is SO beautiful!! <3
Maybe someday if I have the mon.
Mia Lax let's go back
Sophia Wiencek
Marcelo Albuquerque Novak
Susi Gebhardt - da werden Erinnerungen wach♥️
Frank Chiang - Olive & Artichaut!!!! Carolyn Wonna - the chef we took a pic with!!!
Callum Wilson
Is hier wat van waar, Veronique?
Pour Fanélie Fernandez et Isabelle Terris 🌴bisous
Count me in
Luc future goals
Niklas Synning🙂
Miranda Macaulay Miller
Nice!
Morgan Cook ... please
Lola
Barb Bullock
Cyrill Kramer 😊
Ioana Costin-Simons wie schön
Theodora Koumoundourou
Oh yes 😍🥂👑
Omg L O L our waiter's insistence that we must take a photo with the chef 😂😂
Eric Kovitch
David Duarte
"The rocks are a little bit hard, but once you get over that, just a bottle of rose and you're perfect" Rebecca Bissonnette Kath Ann couldn't have said it better myself
Evita Ķikute Liene Skibuste Lelde Bērziņa 👆🏼
Murad Cholak ugh
Pascal Picard
Alican Korkmaz
Marie Celine
Notre belle ville Nice la côte D'azur   ✨
Vivian Lam
Lewis Coulton I'm ready to go back
Midori Marino so cool xx
Tony la Combine
Candice Cvl
Jazeker!!!! 😎
cant wait til we goooooo best city ever 😍😍😍 Bob McCourt
Mochum Luca maison
Giovanni I know that deep in your heart you miss it
Elina potential stop this summer?
Adrien Giacchero
This video is the biggest lie I have seen in my life ahah
Come on the only thing you have ever visited in Nice is the Edhec Library 💁🏼
Kamilia Zouaoui it was the most beautiful stuff after the classroom at the sixth floor ahah
I know, I must agree on that 😂❤️
Cristiano Alejandro Parra
Keith Kinsella
Norma Leija
Anna Konko
Katie Hulme miss this 💕
Ola Pola
Beka, not Italy, but very close :)
😂😂
Tord Isdal  your fav city in the world 🙊
Marium Naeem
I'd go there
Ann-Christin Achterling my city !
Xavier Re
Solene Suslu 😍
Sophie Kermani Jibet we should work through the restaurants in this!
Mei Gui
Mélodie Michel
Charlotte Abecassis Eve La Cognata ❤️
Wahou quelle belle vidéo, ça me donne envie d'y aller 😜
I actually went to that waterfall yesterday! Nice really is beautiful :-) I'd love to show you around it someday! xx
Alina Wenzlawski piango
Patricia Lüdtke
Mirsad Bajrami ❤👍
It’s almost time! Meghan Agnew Allison Kroll Andreea Simion see you tonight!!
jau tik drīz :)
Edward Middlehurst
Pilns puncis taureņiem :) :) :) :)
Diego Mendoza Olga Gridina Merissa Pico
Amazing😲 especially the food part haha😍
Margaux Dmnths
La plus belle ville du monde! 😍😍😍Merci pour le rappel!😘
Want to come back?)))
Estrella-Nessa Terez
Behzad Rohani
This is why you need to come!!!! <3
Lucy Johnson where everyone thought we were lesbian lovers on a vacation tbt 🙃
Love it!  Thanks x
Arnaud LiottaSharmini James yayyyyy
Pavi Hrn plan
Zee Ayad Nabeal Ayad Imen Benrhouma 👌🏽
Nicolas Premier
Tony O Sydney
Just sayin
Fefi Pezoa
Milena Jácome
Roger Briscoe
Louis degoy
:(
Beatrice Spalla
Geoff
Christina Condrea 😭😪
Henry Lang
Daphne
I'm happy to go Penny Pincombe there at some point
Ouarda Coussay
Laurent Christophes friend has a part in it!
Where the nice buzz ? 😳
Vivien Bossut
Cam Hooper
Sandy Smith RIP
Yes!
Aline Camargo Nice 😍
Bruno
Kathrin Troxler Vera Frankenberg <3 <3 <3
Billy Garrett one day
Ian Wilson
Very nice so beautiful
Jeff Copher
Mar Lydon PJ Hough some cool places to try!!
Deal x
Nice is a beautiful town for art , history , food, amusements, but don't go for the beach: on the photos they never show you the pebbles!
Shanna Morin let's goooo
Jill McCreedy
Niiice..
Oh dear 😂😂😂
Nova Lopez
Llama Spark
I want to retire there!!! 🙂
Louis LM 0"58 <3 <3
Guðrún Ýr Bjarnadóttir
We ❤️ Nice!
Matteo Fasanella
Michael Huggins you need to watch this
Ashley Hassman when you're done with school?!
Ambre Soubiran
João Queiroz
Rens haha een fles rosé is de oplossing voor alles in Nice (bij 0.33)
Marty King Edward today?
Amy MacDonald
Elly 😏😏😏
Alexandra Decaudain Ingrid Moser
Rachel Willer
Armand.
I agree lets
I ❤️ Nice!
Maël Guégan 😍
We can certainly attest to that! Right, James . We had 2 utterly amazing weeks there!
Barbara Daisley McLennan for another adventure? 😍
wwooow Lorers Santana  😍❤️
Kay Magdalena
Yes yes and yes 🤗
"I like the culture of Nice because I like the Italians" Giuseppe Garibaldi felt exactly the same thing, as he was born in Nice. He never forgave Cavour, for gifting Nice to Napoleon III in exchange for Napoleon III's help in kicking the Austrians out of Italy.
TC
Lasse Faarkrog i wanna gooooooo
We have a lot to see in 3 days here
Jennie Kettle I wanna go back 😝
Jesús De Álvaro
I remember the beach sand. My feet were killing me but I drank a bottle of wine. I was only 17 at the time travelling Europe. My father was a tank commander during WWII and he drove the familly in his VW van to a point in town where his tank came upon a panzer. He survived.
Guillaume All-In Christian Heuline Christine Heuline  thinking of you 🙂
Lilica, precisamos conhecer essa maravilha!
James Lantz
Unka Ches
😧😧 on l'a toujours su nous! 
Nice ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Jon Harris
Sweet :)
Uhm lol. Kiara Govender 🤦🏽‍♂️😂
Me toooo. That food looks 😍💛
Asfand Yar Bhatti
Zach Lundvall
We ❤️ Nice! Amber Fitting
Maria Maria Vitória Vidal
Julia Randall how far from you...?
Sterling 🤓
Mollie Smith Reid Smith
You had me at "like Italians"
Holland Thomas
Randianina tu feras le guide si on y va ?!
Skye Morgan ❤
Kesi Sinclair check this out
Yeeees 😉 juste après ma soutenance on se fait ça 😉
Fml
Samuel Jonathan Watsham årh hvad 😍
Robbin Kelley Juli Hester
Ed
Kaori see we should've gone!
Blagovesta Tsoneva Lena Chère Lukas Teichmann my Nice squad ♡
Leslie Rice
Tim Bedford
Always on vacation😂
Sylvie Decaudain
Another interesting town -Nice Megan Zhao Ian Frondoza
Julien Vauthrin
Rachel D'Ambra do you miss Nice?
Emelie Johansson
Armando Olivieri Sul da França ;)
Heck yeah we do Kylie girl!! 💕😘 Lets go back! Haha
Dona Leyendecker, Francis Leyendecker¨: idées resto!
Rachel Cheung
i know deeelish 😝
Teresa Gillis Any chance for this summer?
Bridget Duncan take me back!
We drank all the rosé and broke all the wine glasses
Kayla Reeves Ashley Logan
Vishal Patel Let's go
Melvin Mirandelle
yes yes yes
Alexis Cuglietta Anthony Attwood-blaise 😍
Mounia ❤️
Lara Moriana
L'été prochain si tu veux darling :p
P.J. Reilly
Kaila Raymond
Sierra Cristiano Jenna Cristiano oh Nice my ❤️❤️❤️
Grandma irene loved the art and the ice cream . Cottampory Art.
Fabienne Geara
Kate Konstantin "the rocks a little bit hard but once you get over that, just a bottle of rose and you're perfect" 💫🌞
Patty Neely Flynn
I said to myself what a wonderul world.
Im in! 😘
Ebba
You had me at, "just a bottle of rosé and you're perfect!"😍
Dustin Spencer
Emily Bracken Jenna Reed
Lizzi Bollinger Amy Waterhaus Kyle Milligan mon dieu
Tim Tarrach our next move?
Elisabeth Godoy Chelsea Anderson
Nice marathon is one of the best...
Bisila Litte
Hahaha they say we love Nice because it's like Italy
Definitely on my list of places to visit.
Kala Lucila McRae there's a shot of the crushed car in the museum that I have a pic of myself in front of! Brings back good memories.
Aline Souza
Oh yeah.  Pretty cool 😎
Ahmed Aislinn 😍
It doesn't like a gift when Napoleon is at your door; it sounds more like pymt.
Aeimen Gardezi Aurangzeb Oj Shafi Samia Ausaf the best 🤷🏻‍♀️
Samia minus the lack of a nightlife 😂
Anna Paula Bacalhau
Thomas Coby Campbell Natascha Schorer
Agustin Etchegoyhen creo que Nice nos encantaría.
Andrea Marcucci ❤️
Michael Brooks
Zachary Johnston the most beautiful place I've ever been
Jack Lakkis
Margaret Blakely
Courtney Evan Boggs
THE best memories of our magical summer together ❤️😘 love you!!! 😘😘😘😘
I miss it!
Marianne Galvao Marangon
We will always Nice...😘❤️
Shrey This is heavenly.
Gwenn Steptoe lets go here on a family vacation
Lea Jaeggi
Jan is the last restaurant we went to on our trip! It was amazing
Betty Swiss Riviera Laure Bizot Philippe Bizot
Loris c'est beau chez toi
När åker vi? 😎
Mark
Els Stunt
P.J. Reilly same! I'm so jealous you're going! You're going to have so much fun
Bruna Bianco bora?
Stefanie Alexa
Mary 2018
Eric Colard
Mélanie Masson
Thank U Martin ! 🙋🙏😚
Cuando vamos?
Ahhhhh j'adore Nice 😍 Sarah Balghagi Mélanie Halaoui 😘😘
Charlotte have you been here sis?
Erik 😱😍
Cathleen Barnhart
what would you say about this. 1 problem envy the neighbors.https://youtu.be/WIKQAlOC7EU
Adam Vial
Nina Choi let's go!!!
was there in 2005 spring, had first snowstorm
I would go back anytime.  ❤️Nice
Elias Forneris
Tim Tarrach moooveee
Chris Connolly
Tim Chrvala
Zach Osmanski
Manisha Katta
Our fave place
Ryan "its easy for tourists and locals to blend in in nice" #LebarBitch #aptlyNamed
Diego Estrada
Chris Williams Nice?
Mikayla Torres we went!
essa cidade <3 <3
Freya Khn 😍
정지훈
Agnes Errami
It's perfect
Ashlee Edwards
CJ Forcino
Alex St.jacques Nice round 2?!
Take me back please 😍
Tehseen Merchant
Anna Marie Gann our french and tans!!!
"The rocks are a little hard to lie on but once you get over that, just a bottle of rosé & you're perfect" 😂
Morgan Grosso yes please
Ann Schumar Colleen Casey Theresa Cooper
Ivan Yu what could've been
Tori Christina ❤️❤️
Debbie Smith
Forget Cannes.  Nice is the star of the Cote d'Azur.
Linda Chen
Theresa Vauclair
Bryan CoopNicole ThomasJulien Fontanel and food. We’ll get food.
Lissy, Alina jaja so ist das
Becca Allec
Alejandro Manrique
Maham Moiz Khan
Sammy Lamanuzzi
Kate Nacci Missy Chehi
Stephen Kolada
Kristyn Plancarte
Meghan Kuhr
Michelle S. Cohn nice
Thomas Phan can we go back, Dad?! 😭😭😭
Kathy
I could not agree more!!!
Zee Zee Gee lol summer 2018?
Courtney Owen hmmm may have to add it in somehow😅😂😍
Emma Claire Moroni
Christian Hanson
Omf my heart
Natalie Wynne next stop?
Sarah
Nathan Einschlag
Alexandra Sandie
The food in Nice 👌🏽 but the ambiance remains too touristy for me
Flávia Lis Pederneiras
Bhavini Ruparell
Beth Shobbrook wahhhhh
You have to come ! 😉😘
Clara Ruby Mathis
Wish we had more time wondering around Nice.  The open market was so inviting and cute.
John Grooms this is on the big adventure list
Rebeca Franco que lindo se ve
Othmane Nobyty
Waffiyah Mian soon!!
You knows it xxx
on est forts quand même
Daniel Henriquez
Danny Steiner
Siamak Bastani something to dream about today.
💔💔
Sophie Ritter
Tim Kirk
Girl.  Yes.
Damien Grosset Mélina Touahmi <3
Confused as to why they’re not showing the part of nice where your friend takes your money and loses it all in the casino in <15 mins.
Chris Magenta
loved it !! I wish we had more time too!!
Megan Nice looks lovely
Hannah Munro
Philippe Pee
Molly Hanninen
😭😭😭😭 we'll go back next year
we shall!!
Paul Joseph
We should go back 💕
Arden Smith
Vincent Tessier
Isaac Harris!
Olha o verão na Itália amor Andressa Biscaia
In 2 weeks! ☺️
ugh let's go 😭
Olja Simic I need to go 😍
Christie Bazemore
Leah Kimball
😢
Arsa
Michelle Podmokly
OMG! OMG! YES!
Devon Gillespie
Anita
Nicholas Kishaba Vanessa Howard Kameron Kishaba didn't we talk about going here?
Lorena Wsc
I want to go!
Jayson Schmitt
Lex Lisanti
Greta Rosenblum Hanna Horvath
Candace Chien
Chris Smith 😍
Abby Sirus....and we were there 😘
Merci, c'est hyper intéressant. J'ai mangé dans les 3 restaurants de la première partie de la vidéo. J'ai bon goût ?
Carol McClure Willis
Lindita Hadzaj
En la lista!
Martin Bristow
FTLO Travel check this out
Griffin Rock
Bobby Metz
Austin Bergeron I want to go here so badly 😭
Chelsea Williams Sophie Jean god take us back!!
Heath Oldershaw
Elizabeth DeIuliis let's go 😀
Lisa Devieux
Véronique Graas :)
Mike Garcia
Sarah Laurent Holly Wilson Emelia O'Toole
Crying at the fact that I'm not there
Mary Ibrahim lets go backkkk
Hannah Graham
Mohammad Qasem Simon Zorrilla Maxwell Harris Frenkel
I'm counting down the days until I can go back to France
Lmao my mom wants me to go there for xmas break 😂
Sinead Williams
Aron
Took my brain far too long to stop reading that as "nice" and read it as "Nice" instead.
Anna !!!
😍😍 ...6 hours by car, 10 by train/bus
Rachel Yun Marco Kopac
ok...we gotta figure something out !
Lou Whalley Paris then Nice? I think you'd like it here
Maya Caracalla
Or when your friend takes you to a hostel to hang out with a bunch of Australians
Aitana Boram I have already been. But I suggest it as next destination for us! 🙂
Kool
Dreamy Fernando D. Serrano
Chi Ron
David Nangle
Sarah Kelsey ❤️
Jake Salisbury
Michael Lopez-Shaw
Johnny Becca
😈
Nice is so amazing
Manon y'a un petit Marais à Nice!
Katie Keating I thought you could appreciate this.
Kristen Marie let's go
Benoît
Caitlin Pfohl can we go back?!
Evan Wien
Camila Guilherme
Justin O'Donnell
Daniel Packard
Gahhh Sammi Foertsch Anna Orts and now Elise Marie you know why I say gahhhh 💕
The Parisian is BACK
Safia Benyettou
ok but i had a chocolate orange gelato there that i think about at least once a week
Laurie Williams
but this is NICE tho!
Jacob Studzinski aw
Hadi Is
SOLD
Oui! C'est à la place des Pins, c'est vraiment mignon parce qu'ils l'ont rénové y a pas longtemps! La fête de la musique la bas c'est toujours génial
Hortense Colin ❤️❤️❤️
Ok, Kate, when are Ingrid & I meeting you all in Nice? 😍
Emily Blumberg you should go here it’s the best
Lets go there if I get my ....
Marie-Cap Blc 😙
Bianca Nicolae vreau
Se vires Lisboa não vais querer outra coisa
Ely Khoury
Let's do it ! Annual trip ?
Sigh
Yasssss
Isabella Bovero take meeeeeee
Ashley Tessitore Ashleigh Roark Chelsea Buchanan Sarah Lingerfelt Katie Krajcer
Let’s go to Wayne’s for nye?!? 😏
Jordan Dupuis, THIS is where I want to go. Maybe start planning to go in the next few years?!
Francesca Ferdinand-LaRaque
Chelsea Buchanan gfy
Michelle Lee
Arjen Van Der Schoot remember I kept saying how Italian it was. haha
Emily Mabrouk remember that one time we spent Easter in Nice 💁‍♀️
Nice was such a nice place! I'd love to go back!
Mario Rosado next trip we spend some time here 😊
?
Cédric Lapointe
Ohhh !! 🙂
You tell me!! 😘
Ready to go, David and Shannon?
Greg Hagg
Chelsea Buchanan  put me down for that!!
😍😍
Kristen Iles
Nice sucks.
Abbie Barrera
Jordan Kramsky Nice is nice!!
Already there in my mind :-). Salade nicoise, here I come
Megan West Tobener this is the city I was talking about yesterday!
Aliénor Bibal
Taneen Maghsoudi Yasmeen Nabhani let's do it.
Nick Lape
Hahaha génial ! Ça te donne envie de venir maintenant ? 😉
Je note qu'ils parlent quand même des pd... comme si c'était incontournable ! 🙊
Jerome Payan Boris Chupin Jouteux
Antonio Miller...... can we go back to rue bas castelet now?
Stephanie Earl one of the best french city
James R Branton
Ahmad Sheikh can we go back??
Roberta Samuel it heaven
Michaela Becca one day!
Nikos Sapountzis
Soon 😭
Me too! I'm down
Trey Hutton pack your bags
Johnny Sullivan can’t wait for you to buy me and Michaela’s plane ticket!
Nancy Perrelli
Laurie Williams me too
Missy Christman loved visiting Nice with you!
Yeah I think we did!
Diana King I found yours and mikes next destination
Rachel Ian is this true
Will Jae Ick Choi so nice
I cannot believe this right now! Where is this man!
Rosie Reilly
Jason Puckett maybe not a good idea for a November trip, but still looks like an amazing place to visit!
Lane Nieset
Jaylen Gadhia
Hahahha
Heather
Lucile Mougeat
Milad Popal
Absolument!
Sidney
Beshak walaa
I was there, beautiful place
ok but I was kinda waiting for a clip of us having biertjes by candlelight and game of thrones viewing with Raya, i mean those were the best ones for me
Robin Lowe US NEXT SUMMER
Maddi BinneyAnthi Docous
Ugh. Yeah. I'm ready to leave and go back.
Real work is dumb
Aldo Gamboa Rene De Jesus James Hizon Alyssa Narvasa ppsbbbb
Oui- Provence pour les Italian et les Francois SiSi tous
Marina Wasiak
Brianne Alexandra
Tom Wakeling Julia Wendling Nathan Contin 😩😩😩
Alex Diaz
...et... ausi led Romans
😢😢😢
I didn’t see the heater that burns peoples ears in the vid?
Caio Varela. Já foi à Côte D'Azur? É a melhor região ?
We'll make our own dw
Lucine Ayvazian Tikoyan can we go back?!
Gabriella Amenduni ❤️
Common occurrence to take kiwis out
Kieren Jacob
Chandler Mills Stephen Liebelt
Lovely as long as a mad truck driver is not around.
Nadia Madeleine. So Cote d"azur.
What a great opportunity for me to learn French. Let's just go there for a year.
Taylor DeThomas less than two weeks!!!! 😍😍😍
Juan next trip?
❤️❤️❤️
Viky Stabio
Jaylen Gadhia saw this!!!
Julia Faure <3
Gros bisous frérot
Joseph bucketlistplz 💕
Anne Zach Matthew
Babe Swan
Mike Porcelli
Philip Kuhel
Andrew Nesselroad lets go back!
Will Heuer my fave
Well that looks lovely!!!
Sarah Gorman
Alice B. Cope
Mirjam Next Year? 😍😍
Laura Gillen !
Manon Chiorri
funny... 150 years ago Italy did not exist, so how could Nice belong to Italy? #videofullofsh**
Joakim Ingebrigtsen Nice next 😏
Michael Gorsuch add this to the list!
Samantha Atlas lets go baaack
ils disent des erreurs, Nice n'a jamais été italien ! bises ;)
Kevin Cassano I want to go back to there 😫
Ils essayent de faire passer ça comme une ville de bobo... haha
😭😭
ten out of ten would recommend!
Manon Chiorri vu d’ici..!
Shelby Jennings "Rose on the beach and you're all set." Words to live by!!
Flo Thompson
Nice ❤  Lidi Albuquerque... Gostamos tanto de lá!
Mary Margaret CampbellNikki Hensley lol wow tbt
Ruthie Clay for the list
👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Denis Zanon tu l'as sûrement vu Mais bon au cas où:)
Andrea Rodrigues
Amanda D'Cruz
OMG!!! This also totally made me think of the adorable hotel dog...I miss him!
Mary Gronkiewicz
Por diorrr que divino!!!
Emily Hogan Jessica Huang remember when that old man tried to lead us to the bell tower thing? HAHA
also that super happy kid frolicking through the water fountains. such good mems
Taylor Hartman
agreed lol brb going to be a barista at the hop store
Andy Stamp - It was a payment :)
We have to go back
René Katzenberger
Awwww busby! Yeah it's funny bc the entire video made me want to go to Nice bc it feels like we didn't experience any of this lol
Jameson Packer
Nice ❤️
Ina Zabot
That would be nice if I could get into a plane!
Said Al-Aufy
James Schrickel Hallie Rybka 😭
Marlon Roza
Crystal Dixon, Paige Jones-Cole
Lol did you see the guy in the sleeveless shirt that takes a bite of food
Sze Wai Poon Kyra Wong ❤️❤️❤️
Shannon Mahoney !!!!
i know omfg i went to nice when i was 14 but obvs it would be so different to go now
Kathy Creveling Erin Dziedzic
Chris When can we go back!!!?
Yes
Jacob Shorkey! 😍
Sandra nächstes Jahr?! 😍
Never been to Nice, let's go!
Total words to live by! Ugh take us back!!
Ahh 😍😍 so soon!!!
Steve Warner let's go back
Europe where the people are way more civilized than America
Sam Brief Andrew Pollack
Guilherme Viana
Daryl Guillory
Love Nice! James ❤️
Claire Fennell Dunnett
Ani Langford HAHA we totally did not! Also who knew Nice had served such culinary masterpieces...I only remember being served scrambled eggs 24/7?! This vid makes it seems so classy and relaxing...maybe once we're "sophisticated adults" we can go back!🙃
Walker Stevens
Moire Campbell highly recommend
Let's go!
Best place I've been so far
I know!!! Idt we have one good meal the entire time we were there lol all we did was sit and be terrified in that class every day. Agreed maybe we'll make it back!
Luz Amelia Carla Miranda
Michaela Tobin
Andy Nice 😭😭
Emily Essen Ali Miller Abbi Monssen Benjamin Varick round two??
Timothy Gerald
Alica Verwiebe the world's most wonderful city 💖
Nita Jonuzi let’s go
Mais oui❤️
If you insist
Buzzes can be nice...
Virg Weatherwax. Lucky you :-).
Marianna Bender Rachael DiGennaro
Igor
My FAVE
Lauren Segal
When are we leaving?
Deborah
Pierre-Antoine Georis Niza amor!!♥️
AC Plich Plich  ("faire-maison") 🤗
that'd be nice
Beautiful place!
Oof Michael Taylor in a few years
Colleen Dornquast this. All of this. ❤️
Rowena Perrin Imaiya Ravichandran <3
Ali Schalop
Carmen Green weekend getaway?
Yuna Wang
Sadie Lira, Kevin Wahl
Melissa Kraemer-Leonhardt
Carrie Markley da Silva
Destino del próximo verano 🤗
Felipe Favoreto Fabrício Fonseca vc quer?
Te espero mi vida 😊♥️
Dina Lianos Triada Georgiou it's the italian element that makes it stand out lol
made me think of you :) The Mediterranean spirit! Camille Ch
Sydney Compton Wetzel let’s go
Viky Stabio el año q viene nos quedamos una noche?
Anton Nagy - some day we should go there, I love Nice!
my fave!!
TAPENADE
Good times in Nice Guro Helgesen Aase Kurt Harald Aase, Bernt Haave, Ingvild Helgesen :-)
Alix Roussel
Alex Frost
a bottle of rosé and you're perfect <3
How about Nice? Jones Yuen 😁
We were there last June (two weeks before the terrorist attack on the promenade) the French Riviera is gorgeous, Nice beautiful and lively. Willl get there again, next year :)
Alex Herrán
Liz James :-)
Colette Carmi Cosgrove
Id love to live there!!!!!
Gwendy George kewwwwwwl
Eva Denman
miss it
Jason show Amy ❤️ , no wonder you two love living there part of the year 😆
"Tourists find it easy to blend in" 😂😂😂
gahhh crying. but also laughing at all the new town stuff that I've never see haha
Nice has nice buzzes ?
Ugh fav place
SO TIMELY!!
Maggie Millner 😭
Barb Leininger this makes me itchy to go back!!! Betting it will do that to you too 😉
I only saw a tiny bit. I want to go back --- and pay to use the beach!
Nissa La Bella Andrea Baruffaldi Camilla JB Elias Celayir Aleksandar Dichev
Dudi 😋
Maggi Johnson didn't you say this is your favorite place in France?
Casey Elliott
Ladan Mostaghimi😘
Lauriane Péryghot
south of france trip round deux!
Adam Kenny Callander you’re welcome for nice
Ugh yes!! 😍😍😍🍷🍷🍷
Some day🙏🏻
Omg yaaaaas!!! Germain Santillan Manu Ayad
Ugh 💔💔💔
❤️❤️❤️ YES!!
Analu Zimmer
Rajeev S
Jeff Hedge
Adam Muhlendorf
Maureen Bender🤔👍🏽😎
Linda Santucci
Naomi Zazil 😪🤗
Christiane ☺️
Hanna Crowe
Oooh <3
Ironman nice one year Geoff Turner xxx
Kirsten Bentsen
James Duncan
the best meal we had was that pizza from the random shack. all I remember from those meals was franc though yall ate fish the entire time hahah. Agreed, need to go back on our own terms
Mary Jo and Anna can we go back?!?! :)
Loved it there...
I'd love to go to Nice. Looks so beautiful.
Jessica A Regan take me!
Alma need to go to here.
Maddie Tieso
Shelley Yoo Courtney Claghorn
Lol I’ve watched this before
AHHHHH YES OMG THANK YOU IM SO EXCITED. I just booked my hostel today and it's right in old town and like 5 blocked from the ocean and I am soooo hyped. Totally gonna check out these places👀👀❤️
Jeremy Frank
Brianna Brennan-jacobellis
Max Lewis Poscente
Elliott Carter
Vroni Bartl when?
Emily Chun Italian vacation ROUND TOW
*two
Kelsey Friberg Kimberley Williams GIVE ME A HOLIDAY
Brigitta Giulianelli I miss Nice!!!
*italian/French
Kinda snobby...but I'll try it
Mary E Corrado lets go back
Thibault tbt
Brb packing
Chandler Mills hahah classic
Meranda Robinson
Sean Sexton
Tyler Eddlemon one day!
Matthew Glover some nice restaurants to visit!
Johana Mata Lisa Jenkins i want to go here!!!!
Jon Lambert honeymoon?
LOL!!!! It's because it's an elitist safe haven with lots of money, security and no boat loads of "migrants" coming up on shore.
Julie Dam 😄
MyAnh Nghiem We need to go back soon!!!
Stunning ❤️❤️❤️ let's go back sooon
So so beautiful
I wish we knew these places before we went! But Nice was awesome anyways
Matt Quinti I recognize so much !
https://www.tripadvisor.ca/Attraction_Review-g187234-d3404217-Reviews-The_French_Way-Nice_French_Riviera_Cote_d_Azur_Provence_Alpes_Cote_d_Azur.html
Adam Maffei
Louis
"The rocks are a little hard to lie on"
Julia Paranyuk 😭😭
I showed her. We both miss Nice so much!
Luke Maschinot
take me back I begggggg ugh
One of my favorite places.
Diego Alva 😉
Bailey Constas
Craig Stevens
Jade Brathwaite I'll come and visit ahaha
So many memories dear to my heart... Nice, the old Antibes...  😍
Laura Lash 🇫🇷
Sionán Brian
OMG - I can't wait!
Just let me know when :-)
omgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomg
My best memories of France were in Antibes. I really loved all of France.
Yes please!
Je me souviens ;)
I think shoots up to the top of the travel list. Better than Jam 🚢. Let's go!!!
I'm about to download a learn French app
Yes the place to be 😉
Alex Chabala
Enid Cancel
Maria Venturelli let's go back
Daniela Barrios
Anna Joubert
Cathy Humphreys Watson
Looks like a Nice place to visit.
Zara Kennedy
Véro Lan 🙂
Eugenia Golfidis Cho we must visit
Juan Mundel si porfa!!
😍 Stop tempting me! Lol I  was going to tag you guys when I saw this 😅👌
Lorenzo Pigni
If Nice was a city in America, they'd sell cheesy "Nice is Nice!" tee shirts on every corner.
Omg that pizza from the shack that was basically in Italy yes that was the best pizza ever. Lol frank who barged into our room that last morning and I yelled at him
Vanessa Fri Nice ❤️
Nico Hadden
Heloisa Cris Corradi
Let's go???
Vamos voltar? Gabriela Del Valle Bruna Del Valle
Love this city!
Maria Eduarda Barth
Nice
Sophia Lahme
Yes!!
C'est triste à pleurer 😢
Stephanie Livio
Adam Evans
Carson Allen
😭😭😭😭😭
Dana Barak
Jacqueline Chi Susie Park
Here
Next
Christine PichonMuriel PichonJoëlle Pichon
Gabria Brenner
What is the song at the beginning of this video?
Jacob Gray next trip? and maybe for a couple years ;)
Italian
Taylor Wittenstein lol
I'm going!😉
Alberto Barboza
Kyk net hoe mooi lyk jy Jan-Hendrik ❤️
Exactement!
My favourite..little cocktail in the negresco..then dinner..fab.😊
Steve Huff nice is in France 🇫🇷
Ohhhhh yes, one of the most beautiful spots in the world!
Ja definitiv!! Nach meinem mündlichen Examen!!!
Thibaud Leblanc For next time 😜
Paula
Jack McCann
Daisy Roset!
Anne-marie Neary
Nothing special about Nice! Go to Marseille instead!
Ruth O' Neill good times

Oops didn't mean
Ian Simonson dat apartment doe
I could be packed in 10 minutes
Stephane Gavriluk
Max Lewis Poscente !!! yes
Kevin
Anaïs Bcl
Azariah
Natashia Sorge French
Rachel Chiu the spring break that could have been
😍😍😍
SarahCallie
Christophe Sucur we need to go there for a couple of days next time we go!
Sa Brille !!!
Felicia Homan
Jon Resnick
Francisco Gularte.. one day!
Ahhhh, take me back there.. please!  😍
Woooo!
Cori Scanlon
Amanda Chong spring break? hehehe
I literally read it as nice not Nice without watching the video LOL
Sara Ingersoll
Gillian Bell Ciaran Cuddy ☀️☀️
I can't freaking wait!
Brendan McCray
Chloe Elliott miss this
Dina Kitun Parry
Loren Trejo
Monif Chehade
La ville internationalement reconnue et tout 😮😎
Jean-Baptiste Palud YOOOOOO next trip
Laura Stevenson
Mireille Lambert-Salducci 😄
Caleb Ebel
Amanda Brown
Anastasia Theys
Michael Talbot
Lara KlMarine BramantiCélia FossatoOlfa Ayed
So it's nice there, is what you're saying...
Devon Cross
The Mediterranean beckons 😎😎😎
Ken Alexander
Gabriela Mattos
Ally Dworetsky remember when
Regina Cardoso
Brooke this makes me want to go back so bad! Maybe we should go here next summer?
Let's go
AJSKNKALAJDNXJKAK
Amy - did you and Nathan visit Nice? I want to go back!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ miss it
Rod Patershuk
I wish I had more time to spend there
Serena Chang must start planning our return !!
Nice was one of the prettiest cities I've ever visited 💜
Thomas Hayes :)
the smaller coastal towns near Nice are far more pleasant than Nice.
Ahhh hahaha seriously so perfect 👌🏻
I haven't done the museum, I should give that a go.
Ric Mayle Bob Appleton
The beach/water there has a foul smell.  Would definitely not pick a beach vacation to Nice.
Audrey Johnson Edgar Johnson
Thibaut Ingelaere
Olivier Hibon et AlDrix DeMarina
Lydia Ly Mélanie Tran Celine Chea Cindy Chhauv Toiantyss Galiphane
Nice
Angela Chon tbt
I would say more cultured.
Jared Benson
James Forsyth a favorite place....
to think that those fancy restaurants are just a few metter from my flat :)
More liberal
Anna Ulfsdotter Forssell
Carter Chase Johnson
Andrew Everson
Raechel Chevalley
Alexander Peterle
Eloise Henderson... It's calling us
Sean Kearney
Claire Grable
Now?? Haha
Pearl Sawhney Aditya Nanda
Enrique Pelli Cesar Pelli
Awesome !!! We shall send u pics and FaceTime 🤣🤣🤣🤣

Or better yet you all come along 🤗🤗🤗

Foreal ...and our next trip
Kathleen Bean Melhus Margaret Melhus
Aly Miksitz
Aditya Nanda bottle of rose 😀
Isabella Cardina
Bobby Freudenberg lets live here
Fabulous City!
Mark Rusciano!
Aakriti Sawhney Sharma it has some friendly bars .... which I’m gonna totally avoid !!!
Oana Plamada
Leandro <3
Yeah but we weren't actually going to because it's way out of the way
Ineke Begg
Daphne Ellen
Mark Trompeter
Kate Masaracchio
Bring me back now 😎
Morgan Greene
Omg.  Nice 2018!!!
Danilo Scaparotti-Nagler 4:11 right now
Dinora Romero Erin Whalen Ashley Tobar international trip 2018
Nick Kensinger
Ashleigh Maciolek lol f u
Lets go now - screw 2018
lets do it
Madeline Puget ca donne envie!! n'oublie pas de bosser un minimum quand mëme!
Etienne, ce video me rappelle de la voyage à Nice avec Anne et toi. Mes meilleurs voeux à vous!
Alain Paul Theodore Isnenghi TIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Talita Oliveira Peixe
Angelina Rouget even in the NYT baby. Aha
Screw Coachella in 2018
Oui c'est vrai, et il y a plein d'autres villes comme ça en France! 😁 Merci à toi aussi !
Truth
Dan Marino Luca Marino!!!
Olivia Barron
Rona Dennison we had many a good time together in Nice
Toni Forte
Lisa Ciardiello
Erin Walsh - Let's go back!
Alice nice one
Kate Wood bernard lol the museum lol
I can’t wait for us to go! 😁
Can't wait to go back !!!!
Avigail Sidoun
Bel hommage de nos amis américains 💕💕
Corentin Haener you dont take me
Oui oui 🙌🏻😂
Fernanda Troyner
Alice Spedding Mckinnes Lucy Elizabeth Smith Callum Mclellan Claire Hartley Katrina Maskrey Katie Mckinlay hi book
Oh j'adore nice 😍
Anusha Iyer
Nice
It is true😊
@Márcio De Menezes
David Lara let's go to Nice
Michael Douglass
Giuseppe, 10 year anniversary????
Marisa
Interesante.
If we could find jobs I totally would...
Lol
Yes, we liked Nice
Omg
Ediz Ezen
When we move?
Omg you mean the old man that tried to FOLLOW us up to the bell tower! So many good mems-- especially eating 30 chickpea pancakes. Lol.
Denise Picard destination voyage pour un jour???
ca te rappelle des souvenirs ? quand tu reviens ?
Pavan Gulhane
Yes!!!
Carmen Risco Chan
Erandhi
Have to come and visit you Damba Nanda de Bergevin 🙂
Please stop with this : 
Nice has never been italian !!!!!!!
Ian Vatcher 😍😍😍
"you have sun, you have blue sky, you eat good, you drink good, that's Nice"  Guillemette & Walid vous revenez quand ? <3
Have you not been?  Stop going to Italy and try the south of France
gettin a nice buzz from this video
Célia Varet
Ahahahah quand il y a du soleil 😘😘
Y en a toute l'année ! 😘
Je regarde dans mon emploi du temps de ministre et je te dis ça l'année prochaine ? :)
Always one racist in the crowd
Tu viendras me voir en Australie d'abord quand j'aurai trouvé mon stage, non ?
Ana Flavia Da Silva
Very cool place, but I looked everywhere for volleyball and couldn't find it! Maybe next time :)
Alana Bezerra <3
😻😻
Kacie Carr Kerkhof lets go back ???
Pourquoi tu dis "quand j'aurai trouvé " alors que c'est deja fait ? :(
👍👏👏👏
Mira Linaugh best city in the world
Susan Wang 😭❤️
Mel Dee
Sam Trossman
I read “Nice buzzes with an energy” and was like “ooh, what drink are we talking about?!”
Nikitha Gajula for our next European adventure
Hannah Morse annddd when will we  be going
can we go now
Yes pls
UGHHHHHHH I WANNA GO BACK
Farideh
It's you on the cover photo 😂
Marie Keith can we go back to France
he kept following us!! hahahha so many chickpea pancakes they were appalled
C'est encore plus beau en vrai 😌
Jitender Raman
Autumn Hawk Willow Hawk
"The Cote de Azur has the best light" ... Caroline LOL ... I think I need another flight back.
Lara Bockenstedt Heather Botham Jonah TuckDrew May 😭
I really want to move to Europe! 🏖
Rubens Acevedo
Been there it is beautiful and relaxing 😎
Summer 2018? Jennifer Harbour
The New York Times you missed the best mojito bar
Natali
Johanna
Christian Spohn
Ali Francis :)
Rebecca
Hannah Jane lez go back
Thomas Schwab
for Debbie Hoffman
Maddie Tieso some guy ran down 100 people in a truck last summer, stay OUT of France. Very dangerous
Vicki new destination for next year!
Jessica Di Nizio what you were just telling us today!
Becky Hirsch
Raymundo Vizcaya 😍
As I remember Nice is a pretty cosmopolitan, diverse city. People from all over the world live there.
😭 can we go back
Russell Joyce why I <3 Nice too!
Brian Ceballo
That would be nice
Kacie Carr Kerkhof 😂
Absolutely! And many nice bottles of wine! x
I want to go back!
Ich würde sofort ins nächste flugzeug steigen✈️👭🇫🇷
Alison Boudet
this place is for you Jhonattan Martins
Cécile Bélivent this makes me want to visit you even more!
I love nice! I want to go back!!
Guilaine Robertson
Megan McCormack We go again and I find an even sketchier parasail for us to die on?
Nice is a great town. Nice atmosphere.
💯⚽️🏆TAKİP ET SENDE KAZAN⚽️🏆💯
D'acc for sure
😍😍
1000000000% down to go here soon
Andrea L. Hurst one of my favorites ever!
Sunchia Milic
Aunnn que saudade desses dias!!
Patricia Tcherneva-Rowland! Remember le 'Why Not?', blue shorts, café crème avec un petit peu plus de lait, 'tu les plies et tu les ranges', ice creams in Monaco... happy days! Xxxx
Owwww, yes, it's really a beautiful area which makes the experience even better when you know some of the locals 😉 see you soon?! 😁
And don't forget the olive oil ! Miss and love u
yaa demainn
Oui 🤗🤗🤗
Jackie DeLeo Alyssa Luc Meghan Vaccaro ugh
Prescillia Skierlak what
Lindsey Scott
James Edwards
Jackie Tobin 💖
Mais... nan c'est nul Nice
Leonidas Mylonakis
Sabine Rutz
Helen Elizabeth Richmond
Dany Penn
Stephanie Perez
Amélie On n'est jamais allées chez aucun de ces restaurants!! Franchement... 😩
Um YAS! Can't wait for it!!! Literally
Let's go Benjamin Davidoff
José Flores Méndez
Mark Balzotti
I like it, but it wasn't my favorite place ever.
Benjamin Davidoff ok well I haven't gotten to go yet so you'll have to try it again
Adrienne Larson
Yes please!!!
It's the most overrated and expensive place in Europe
C'est belle 💜
Non c'est vrai ! Pourtant olive et artichaut à chaque fois je me dit qu'il faut essayer 😉
Syrine Mellakh
Shaun Fallan
Ben Meltzer
Tom McDougal
Juliette Fabre Daphné Leccia
Roberta Daniel Karina
Nice, France is a beautiful place to visit!
Hahahaha remember when we were here
Emilie Vuillemot e Benoît Ménardo
Jeff Lisenbee ❤️
ViaggiAri Karla
Sebastien Lauga
Samantha mira qué bonito!
Yayang Fumero
Regina Lausell Kieran Thurgood remember when??
Adam Jennison we must go!
Amanda, Shelley I miss our adventures summer of '99 😍❤️😍
Yes the streets name are in in Italian and French , very nice city , and of course awesome food !
Let's go back now
Heh heh!!
Sylwia...
;-)
Katia Pe
Krystal Sujeong Cho Ryan Uy
Marina Abe
Rosemary Petrone, maybe France CAN be a future destination after all
Gabrielle Kavounas
It has Italian spirit...
Exactly
Plus Brie
Andrea
CJ Navarro
Joseph Shively on the list 😉
Sarah Plant add it to the list!
Cheryl Rangiah let's go baaaack!
Thanks for tagging me Britt!  Nice was really beautiful 🙂 this video has a lot of areas and aspects of the city I didn't even realize were there!
Maddy Elizabeth lets go back
Stephanie Carle Davies rosé... signed a 27% Italian... I should never have done 23 and me. It's disturbing. Wonder why they haven't called for me to be in their commercial...
Oui! Avec toi?
Jeremy Lafon Ricard
Isaiah Thomas bucket list
Katrina Bell
Fifi Freeman Gabriella Corbett just casually popping up in my timeline! 😁😁😁 xx
if I'm back from Sydney sure! 😊
lol "the rocks are hard to lay on but a bottle of rose and youre over it"
Wendy Cameron Nick Withers feels like forever ago. 😞
Liana Miléna Nous devions t'attendre.
Ashley Gallagher !!!! We need to go together
Ah me too! Such a cool place!
Josh Turko🔥
one day we'll have a house there 😌
Omg yes! Such good times! 😊🏖
:)
I should join next time. I have always wanted to go to Nice and the rest of the South of France.
really bringing me back rn
more like 5 liters of rose amirite
Let's go back together!!!!
Phil Hart Mardi Newing hmmmm....
We have to get back there one day my friend!
Jenna Rosenstein
Mar Ion
Monique Langlois
Rosa Ennison
Adam Evans hopefully before we know it
Rachel Humes Caroline Snow
Rosemary, I can only imagine how unsettling that info must be. F them, do Ancestry and Me
Yes, and also Monaco!!! So wonderful!
Stephanie Carle Davies I'm done... please... never tell Nana
Would love to visit Nice one more time ❤️
Rosemary hahhaha. No worries! Nana wouldn't believe it anyway!
Stephanie Carle Davies hahahaha!!!🇮🇹. I don't know how to be anything but Italian...
Coco Hamilton
Tatiane, olha que legal! :D

(a praia parece ruim, porém)
It's near the Grimaldi Palace!!
(se bem que acho que todos os vídeos dessa série dão a entender que o lugar é muito legal)
Veja Mário Wanzuita
Sabine Penisson
Samantha Caroline
There does not seem to be a mention of a certain bodily substance which was repeatedly witnessed on the street
YES DEFINITELY Flo Bo! ☀️☀️
Samantha Lawford Jason Kwok memz
Sue King
Ohhh no wonder it feels like Venice here!
Phoebe Wareham Aleks Popova
I've been wanting to go for years and years!! Leggo
Nothing else compares, beautiful
Next week??
We need to go back!! 😩🙌🏼💛
So we're gonna go in for that right?
This is a happening town,  lots to do.
Sasha Samoilov Bruce Ahn was it really like this?
Maybe we should go to Nice Chris Quiet!
Allison Terhune Teeples, let's go!
Morsal Ahmadyar lets go back
Annie Chang we were just talking about ittttt
Miss you Tom Kuzio and Janet!!
OMG take me back
Ivan Delbecchi
Julia Croll 🙌🏼
Laynee Rae - one of my favourite cities.
"In Nice, you have ze north, you have ze west, you have ze east, and you have ze spatula wars"
Seems pretty Nice to me!
Danilo Gasteiger Chiara Gasteiger
Nobody in history has ever made that joke ever
Well you know what they say...when in Rome
tell incredibly lame jokes?
Meh, it's all Greek to me
Madison Mahoney
ACCURACY
Helen Hall Bill Skilleter Dave Sinton this is my dream vacation in France! When should we meet up?!
Kimmy LeDone Marie Gabrielle Arco meeeeemories 💙
Book it! 💕
Matheus Wood
Been there done that. With each other's passports 😏
Hay que regresarrrrr💕
Matthieu c'est chez toi!
Oh yeah Mary jo..lets do it
Ian Tye
Muriel Nahim Sarfati Triffaut
Lylle Blackstock
James Will
😍
Alix Lund 🤗💙😩
Jose Antonio Medrano
Frank Guglielmo le magazin de ton padre !!
Britt Orkisz
It just wasn't this nice (ironically)
I mean the only part of it you really saw was drunk twelvies on the beach
Delvy Papelleras Daiz Papelleras 😍
Glen Hartford Jr.
Maude
Tania Wu Angel Yip ho gua ju our airbnb and nice TT
As in nice jud kau disto❤️
and the blueblue sea and eze :3
but definitely not the strike :3
Sasha
I'm really glad they're talking about all the good food in Nice and we chose to eat pizza from a truck
Jose Octavio Cano Vázquez
Huntington Beach and Laguna are better.
TT whens our next trip
Found my next vacay spot!!!
Maria Hincapie
Evelyn Leonardo 😍
Olivia Sone
Girl, our next vacay! Veronica Muscitto
Nice is my favorite
Yvan
Yes!!
The rocks are a little weird to deal with for those of us used to the sands of the Great Lakes, but I can see it.  It's a more extreme version of those beaches in the Thumb with little pieces of shale all over the place.
You have no idea how nice Nice is.
Miss you more! We are still in France and have fond memories of your visit. Love ❤️ to the gang!
TK
Matthew Herman
Christoph Blum
Katie Cox Andy Cox
Clara Modlin
Rémy Riba Gonzalez
James Waller add to list for mays trip?
Malena Ga
Kate Daschel
Conner VanDevelde
-- 

1014 Grand Court
Highland Beach, Florida
33487

96 Chemin Notre Dame
06480 La Colle sur Loup
France

tomkuzio@gmail.com

Florida 561-372-9418
France 33 (0) 4 92 02 11 35
cell..... 914-433-5643
Andy Vargas go here bro
Susan Girdlestone
♥️
Aurélien Meyer I shall see this weekend :)
Looks fun 😃
<3 <3 <3
Koron Olivia
Lori Craven
Nick Page nice
Wow Nice looks great can't wait xx
Enjoying this place every day!😎
Wow Nice looks great can't wait xx
Laura Meneguzzo
Manon Gaziello le NEW YORK TIMES quand meme     ;)
Gema Patrick podríamos hacer una excursión :)
C'est Nice
Ok but most of all I LOVE u got it from NYT my fav newspaper ever
10 points mr
Mathilde, Mathilde, Mélanie, Léa on parle de nous dans le New York Times et tout! La fierté ! 😁😀
Woah la classe!!
Ouais, tu fais tout ça dans la journée et. T'a fait le tour quoi...
Yeah Jason you missed all the good stuff
N hésite pas à revenir :)
Someone's on-trend, Margherita.
Lorenzo Condurso
La classe !
I would totally go. The water is so blue. I love it. & I want to go the Italian Riviera.
Rue Bonaparte...pou se pigaina meta to boon p tha ksanavreis 😻
Lory Martinez
Marisa Fuse
Tom Van Mele
Pascal Brunet seeeeee
Justine Prtl
Thea Carlsen Cannes i april eller mai sier nå jeg.
Rébecca 👌😚
Bin dabei! 😍
Gilles Galli
The final destination
Johanna Nordenblad Sylvia DM Sabrina Reveron Tehseen Merchant Elisa Ebe Luisa Guerra Ben Arrioja 😍
Alexandre Massa 😂😍😘
Amaury de Longvilliers
Kelia Ch les deux canailles ❤️❤️❤️
Correction historique: Nice n'a jamais été italienne. Elle appartenait au royaume de Piémont-Sardaigne jusqu'en 1860, date où elle devient française. Ce n'est qu'en 1861 que l'Italie est unifiée et devient un pays.
Julie Ml 🤙🏻
Je n'ai pas pu voir en entier la vidéo car mauvaise wifi mais je crois avoir compris ahah 😂😎😜
Nice looks so great can't wait x
J'allais le faire !!
Marie Ducoudray
Oui je suis lourde avec Nice
Marc Franzblau memories. Let's go back
Jessica Candice Julien Emile ❤️
Ça sent le commentaire de feminazi
Il faut y aller encore une fois!! 😃
Démasquée... 🧐
Lets go Farah Al-Hattab Nourhan Hamadi
Melody Wilson Eads
Rita Tehini on t'attend ❤️
Merci!!! Top!!
Trop bien !!!
Nathalie Miltenberg ok also next summer?
John Sams
Philippe Continsouza You missed your chance to be interviewed ! ;)
Maddy Phillips
Stephanie Scalzo
🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓❤️❤️❤️
Juliana de Paula 😍
Andre Foltz ❤️
Carey Ledford
💗💕💜💗💕
Julie Brun Morgane Brun Olive et Artichaut via un article facebook new york time ? Haha
Next trip?
Jeffrey Popkin 😊
Jenn, I want to go!
Sarah Balghagi un jour c'est certain .... Et je vous ferai signe! ....et vous Votre prochain even visite au Canada?
Marie Carladous !!!!! Pauli makes an appearance!!!!
Wow! Top!
Sergio Mendes
Ah oui quand même
Karen ❤️
Je pense à toi! ❤ Imen Berriri
I'm spending two weeks there next summer
Léa
Cierra Catarino
Paula Nix Loftus
Peggy Kavanaugh Dailey
Jose Rodriguez
Ils n'ont pas tout montré de Nice mais c'est exactement ça Jessica ❤️ Alors, viens quand ?? 😍😍😘
❤️ ALL of this, Mimi!! One of our best trips. Great memories. You should go!!
Sarah Worthington
Love that area. We've done the same trip!
Already planning the next one 😉 Nice will be hard to top. Yours in Travel, xoxo
😍
Meilleure ville
Ah our home away from home!
Imen Berriri 29 septembre 2018!!
😭😭😭
I spent a week in Nice doing a French immersion program. At the end of the week I had fallen in love - - - - with NICE!
Noureddine Bencherchali
Seb Kristensen
Loved watching the video and stepping back in time to our trip to Nice!! Thanks again  Tom and Janet for wonderful memories!!
😍😍😍
Amy Newman
Shabana Ashraf On the travel list
Megan Carter
Claudia Santini :)
John Pennella
Nizza Bella  !
Jessica Blum
David ChesnerPhilip Willner
omg legoooooo
Oksana Koval
Ali Spears
Neus Vich Bucket list!!
We were there in June and loved Nice and surrounding Riviera.
❤️
😍😍😍
Now I want one of those shirts... never been there, I just really like puns.
Beautiful city. Love the blend of the French and Italian cultures. Would return in a heartbeat. True about the beaches but seek out one of the resort beaches who have cultivated their beach area with the sandy beach we're accustomed to.
😍😍
I could use some nice buzzes too. But they're not legal in Iowa.
Let's go back lol
Nice
me, arriving to the fifth most populous city in france,
Brian Pauline
Chloe Stephenson
Pam Tate
Those rocks, bringing back memories of how hard it was to walk out of that sea water.
Sounds nice
No it sounds like Nice
Mari Lucey John Lucey
Oh wow mais j'adore mama
it's literally living in paradise :) ...this makes me très nostalgique
Ooooh okay, nice
Eu só fui em Marseille, que é bem bonito de natureza mas é meio a favela da frança ahaha Tenho muita vontade de ir pra Nice e Monaco, dizem que é maravilhoso. Depois de Paris acho que é a melhor região a conhecer mesmo, até porque acho o resto da França bem parecido ahah
Jasmeet Khurana
Touch`e
Gerne! Wann? 😘
Augusto Rigobelo perdemos a oportunidade
Jonathan Russell Katie Watson
Jerome Chade KeMy KelleGen Aldwin Beets Ludo Jean-Louis Sandra Ch Janou Sofia
Darren let's go
The pebbles in Nice's  beaches are not natural and a choice in regard to erosion as well as hygiene. Every morning at about 5 am, a boat sprays water mixed with a mild disinfectant to clean. The pebbles allow for proper drainage.
We were there in 2012 and it really is beautiful.
Um can we join you!? Looks amazing!!!!!
Je suis trop jalouse!!!
Marleen Freund
Umer Farooq
Önder Şafak Leo Diaz
Natasha Amin
Jacqueline Amin
We love Nice! Our lunch at the restaurant Jan, featured in this piece, was fabulous!  Doug Clowney
the absolute worst beach imaginable no sand all rocks.
❤️South of France 🇫🇷
Kelsey Frances Collins
cassie oren
Good times good times haha
Diego Raita
"I love the culture of nice because ware like the italians'
clown face
please reply 2 me
Rodolphe Reypens
Eileen Moretti
Yes let’s not forget the kids and adults who were mowed down by a psychopath from Tunisia in Nice. 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/07/15/europe/nice-france-truck/index.html
Megan Pan Nice <3
mec dans 20 ans Mirlicourtois Reypens Lachaux PE a nice
Romain Bovis
Mag Ali Patrick FregaNathalie Plantier
Danii Shen
Yes definitely
Keeley McKelvey
Lévana Tourot ca me manque sévère parfois..
Luca 😊
Elisabetta Merigo😍
😍❤️😍❤️😍❤️😍
C'est normal..
Florence Lepine tu confirmes ?
Debbie Tan defo part of the trip!
les boules la
Ahh I wanna go back :')
Peter Mark Bockman Yeah, with wealth.
I regret so much not going. ):
It was gorgeous
Anis Provencale
Hehehe you like it ? ;)
Nick van Diemen ooooh!!
love it 😍
Cassie Wilson. Note the lack of terrible puns as I share this link.
Boris Wakim
Yeah it's amazing 😍
👌🏼👌🏼can't wait!!!
Sarrah ☺
Stefan Janković
Max Kendall
Totes
Bas Witkop 😉😜
Bastien Roche @spitybeach vous êtes Dans la vidéo
Max Kendall is it nice
No it's Monaco
Max Kendall no - this is nice, I think you need a monocle!
Yes Definitely looks like Nice is very NICE ...I am so much in love with Rocks of all kinds --the rocky beach is first place I'd run to first 😉And as pointed out , would love going to Nice at least once !Bra'vee~O
😂.. you thought about that one
Jessica Ouiiiii 😘😘😘
Ravina Deo 😉😘
Sarah Silvie NICEEEEEEE
Josie Cummings Alexis Kinney remember that time
It really does. Let's go back!!!
Jay Lyle
Nancy Telliho
Remember Pakki?!
Few cannes 😂
Ta me convidando?! Tudo bem, aceito!! auehauehuahe  ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Christophe
Οπως λεν και στη Λαμια, πθενα
FX Théus
Claudia Newman
Juliana Mustafa wow
Ever been?
lets go babe 😍
Marine Ciano et toi tu nous invites ap 😭😭
Kieran Thurgood lol how could I forget
Lo Cooper
Rébecca François !!! ;-)
Sympa !
Ro ManoushNicolas Massa
Stéphane 4:40 :)
Barnabé Melaine
Very Nice city ☺️
Sean Jiunn Hau Chin
Lena Lutter Amber Eickhoff Micha We
Very nice to see
Naïm Rhallouch & Nelson Piedel
Thekla Dageförde
Jetzt ist es zu spät
Katarina Lucic
Patrizio Nicolini 😉😘
Ich vermisse es schon ein wenig.
Where is this art ?!?
🇮🇹 🇫🇷 ❤️
🙀🙀
Emma Worthington Bridget Gartland Maddie Cole Jessie Han Matthew Wang
yes yes yes
Ethan
Wie schön, es ist eine Reise wert !!
😈
William Graves Michael Graves Meredith West
Justė Bugorevičienė ☀️🌊👙
Itana Rekhelis I wanna go here
La grande classe
Yes indeed. That club in the old town we kept going to, Norman No-mates and the French Canadian welders. I still have a photo of Coldie Drinks!
Thomas Santarelli oh god where are Tintin & Socca tram
Fran Rambo Marafon
Sarah Ganzenmuller
Claudia Newman glaub ich dir
I wish I could too! This is where he's going for work 😒
Timmy Lewis
Erik Contreras
Alissia De Witte muah muah muah
Sharmalee Rajakumaran Staebell
Marie Gazan
Seynabou Diongue Thiam
Barbara Hammond
Gregg R. Levine
Chris Michael right next to Monaco 😉
XDaile Lynn Smith
Daphne Ellen YAS!
Julia Popyk
not yet!
Julien Ferrère don't you miss it, just a little?
JT Lawrence
Someday!  The video was interesting and the comments were even better.
Kate Colver let's go back!
Sandrine PiccoSabrina BosettiSandra Leone
Jenna Bmg
Aurelie KH
Shaké Altunyan
Cindy Gibert
Nice ❤️😍
Nice is nice
Colonna Ludivine olive et artichauts 😉
" La mode se démode, le style jamais "

Myriam FedhilaLorena FaureCamille Piquet
Super! 😍👌🏼ThoThomas Hubert
C'est bien vrai . Il fait bon vivre ici
Alala Nissa la bella. We a prévoir pour t’y rejoindre 😘
Nizza did not belong to Italy. It belonged to the kingdom of Piedmont and Sardinia. Italy exists only since 1861.
Camilla Dora
C'est une invitation ? 😏
ON y va quand :)
Jane Keating 😍
Camille Piquet tout à fait
Yessssss! Love love love. Soooo tru! Thank u for tagging me! Love this city so much! And its people! Xo
Avec qui Andy Vargas!
No.
Nadine Zara
So great- I kept going back to write the names of the restaurants💜
Lucrezia Lupi
I have always loved Nice! The Ville Vieux, the Chagall Museum and the Matisse House are my favorites!
Marianne Brodeur
I'll call you with facetime tomorrow 😘😘😘😘
Nice n a jamais ete italienne qui est cette inculte du musee d art moderne a qui ont donne la parole ..?!
Likhitha Chekuri
Hombreee... Por nosotros que no quede! ;)
Petit rappel pour la dame a 0.19 sec ! Nice n'a jamais été italienne car il y a 150 l'Italie n'existait pas ! 😉 nice a toujours été niçoise puis française ! Mais n'est jamais passer par la case Italie ! 

Small reminder for the lady has 0.19 seconds! Nice was never Italian because 150 years ago Italy did not exist!?? Nice was always of Nice then French! But Italy never is to pass by the compartment!
Laurent Olivier 4min40, t'es connu ca y est! ✋🏻
Ah si, mais plus précisément au royaume de Sardaigne. Je ne suis pas expert mais voilà le wiki rapidement. 
https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comté_de_Nice
Julien Rbr tkt je connais l'histoire de nice sur le bout des doigts 😉 enfaite le le comté de nice faisait bien partit du royaume de Sardaigne mais le royaume de Sardaigne était un royaume a part entière ! l'Italie résulte du rassemblement des différents royaume qui etait sur le sol de l'actuelle Italie ! Et les niçois on eu à voté pour savoir si il voulait rejoindre le nouveau pays qui aller ce construire ( l'Italie ) ou la france ! La suite on la connais une victoire écrasante pour la france 🙂
Notre patrie:))
Elizabeth Valeika
Courtney Dellaventura
The market and products are super good quality like spain😌!! Nice
Allison Scott
Olive et artichaut mon babe Inès Wolf-Bramanti 🌿🌿
Qu est ce qu on etait bien ❤️😋
Diala Touma
Olivier Sclavo
Gizem Tütüncü
Nice c'est la plus belle ville française
Merci pour le rappel historique!!!!!
Adrienn Szász-Veress :) ;)
also the famous biscuits
Virg
http://m.nicematin.com/article/nice/le-jour-ou-les-nicois-ont-vote-pour-lunion-avec-la-france.118366.html. 

Je vous invite à lire l' histoire
Raluca Rzsc
Léa Coulmin ! Pauline Lallement !! Booooon ! 😍
J'adore tout simplement 👌👌
Ma ville ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Jeanri Vdw Britt Lederle x
Ellie Tew
I love my beautiful city ! Come and discover the French Riviera and the French language with me on my FB page : www.facebook.com/learnfrenchwithgaelle 😉😉
Audrey Foxx Jessica Buckley Samantha Kehoe lets go back
yaaaaaaa <33
Steph Vljx
sympa le reportage! et c'est vrai que Nice est cool pour plein de raisons... mais bon, allez, je dis les deux mauvais côtés de cette ville: beaucoup de racaille et vols en tout genre, et incivilités dans la rue et au volant, c'est ce que je deteste le plus dans le coin...
Thanks NYTimes !!!
Mai Nguyen
Olivier
Ugh </3
Taku Holmes 🙂
Arthur Watier Petites adresses sympas!
Diala Touma moi aussi 😻
Polly Polly Abby Lineberry
Jade Roukoz ❤️🍷🍴🌊😎🙏🏻
Naeem Budhwani hehe
Katherine Paul you are already ahead x
Laetitia Corteggiani 😍
Erez Mymon Granot ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Alexandre SZ oups, on aurait dû partir
Elsa Warde Marie-claude Naffah-wardé
Mélanie Raiola
Jack Marshall Stirrat
Nadia & Nadia 😍
WEEEEEE ok fine by me!
Laisse tomber ton soleil deux minutes et vient profiter de la magnifique, dramatique et humide grisaille Londonienne!
Jade Hoang ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Le bled 😍😭😭♥️
😂😂😂
D'accord, mais viens un peu ici aussi 😁
Mathias Lucas Benjamin jusqu'aux US on aime Nissa
Woww 😋 Esra Nil-Lara
Bah voilà je t'avais bien dit que les niçois c'est des ritals
C'est normal c'était Italie au 19e siècle
C'est ce que j'ai toujours dit !
C'est pour ça qu'un stage à Nice je suis sûr que ça aurait pu compter comme expérience à l'etranger
Madalas kami queni
Coline Mlt Alice Neel
Tu sais ma gâtée que tu as un chez toi à nice ta chambre t attend quand tu veux ma petite caille ta tatoune qui t adore plein de bisous 😘
Bisous bisous
Je suis fan !! Miss you Jeanne Brunel
“le petit marais”😂
Jana Gmelin next year? ;)
Rue Bonaparte 😭❤️ Pauline Nicolas Emma Lopez Chiara Mariani Amélie Ebert Anne-lou Malek Shayan Gaieb Lander Marchionni
Lucas Valencia
Chevere
J'arrive !!!!!!
😍😍
ja klar bei all der zeit und all dem geld ;)
Brian LeVee
nostalgie level 123456789
<3
Corrina Yanagawa so nostalgic
down to ditch senior year and just hang here
Corrina Yanagawa perfect I'll book flights
Jade Paolo ;) half italian half french
Ahahah love it 😍
NO we were not an Italian city !!!!!!!!!!!
ça me manque trop :((((
Lisa Philippe :)
LeeAnne Harris
http://www.maisongusto.fr/
I want to come back!!
Magali !!! Olive et artichaut 👍!!!
Ouii j'y étais pas encore à cette époque mdr
😉
True story!
So tell me, when was the last time you were here? Just because I'm actually living here and don't get it at all what you would like to express. Expect the picture you show of yourself to a bigger audience. Cheers!
Hala Taher Ghanem
Marie Gua what really ahhaha
Anthony Adrien Kruger More reasons to come asap
Maxime Mehouas
Mathilde Paris !!
Marvin Lotsu voici ta futur ville natale
Tamer Msharbash 😉
Carlos Cirre Leborgne Noelia Cirre Anjab Ahmed 😍
Yes j'ai vu 😉
Avec plaisir, je debarque a Nice!
Marion Machado ca Donne envie d'aller chez toi !
Julien
Quand est-ce que Nice a été italienne ? 🤷🏻‍♂️
Daniel Aceves I'd love to visit here. Seems perfect
Pia Engel Nice me manque 🙆🏼
Nice n'a jamais été Italienne!
Oui!!!! 😩😩😩
Julien nice n'a jamais été l'Italie... Et ça se dit niçois ralala
Le compte de Piémont Sardaigne espèce de Tchoin
Fanny Emmanuel aie aie aie.. Si vous avez la motiv !
Le mec crée des pb mdrrr
Le niçois c'est une langue morte tfacon 😛
Chris 👌🏻
Le plus dur c'est de rester en dehors de ça...
oh ptn.... l'important c'est de garder son calme
Anthea Malbéqui
Alejandra Ocaña debes venir por aquí! 😜
Shaheer Naeem
Siiiii, falta cada vez menos 😍
Lauren Gojcaj
Que recuerdos 😍
Nice ad piece NYT to get tourists back to nice after the terrorist attacks. Other countries hit by the same tragedies are still awaiting your ad placement.
Tom Hatada it’s for you 😘😘😘
Danielle Shaw
Julia Sörensen
🤤😍😎😘
Hanna Dahl
Chloe Glendenning ma ville :)
Melanie Jacobs-Romero take me back!
Otto Youri-céline Grangier
Chikondi KulemekaAnnie Hutchinson ughhhhhh when's the reunion trip
Bande de ritale la 😋😋😋😋😋
eh siiii
Alexandre Sangiorgio
Aurélie
"nice italienne " merci a la personne du mamac de se renseigner avant de dire n'importe quoi, je crois que cette personne n'est pas d'ici!
merci du rappel morghan bollone !
Jovana Glisic ❤️
Šarūnas Uzialo
Sooo....what are we still doing here?!?! 😉
Ohhh, will zurück!! Der Typ ab Minute 4:00 redet n bisschen wie Andy 😂😍
Roxane Revel Guy Revel la classe New York Times
:///
Océ Bdc <3
I agree. Thanks for the reminder!
J'adore !!
Chelly Chel
Rodrigo Magno  ;)
Arviol Pulaj regarde le bg au tout début de la vidéo
Mais non, pas italienne puisque l'Italie n'existait pas !!!!
Piémont Sardaigne à la rigueur ou savoyarde.
I wanna visit nice! 😍😍
« Il y a 150ans Nice était une ville italienne »!!!! 😤
Encore quelqu’un qui ne connaît rien à l’histoire notre comté....
Nice n’a jamais été une ville italienne.
Loïc Swiny this is Jazz à 3.31 dans le reportage du New York Times !
Smatch de merde
Pauline Lassonnery
Lesley Goguen 👀
❤️
L Italie existe depuis 156 ans (1861)
ugh I want to live there
Now let's go
Maria Fabrizio
Love Nice.
Irene Cp
im sobbing
En amour avec votre ville Maxime Bista ,je serai de retour! 😍
Hector Carlotti
Lesss go
Cam BLesc & Saint Germain Sarah
Aneta Czaińska you will love
Ina Rothfuß Ronja Kugel da könnt ihr euch schon auf was freue 👍🏼
Chez moiii Michael
MaddieKaprich Sarah Inman Halle René Olson Sam Anderson Iris Claus girls you've been there!! So lucky
Pirita Olasvirta
Sandy Rs Zaira Are G ❤️
Yeeeees!!!
Va falloir venir voir tout ca :) (pas vu grand chose encore)
Bien vu !
Shreya Durbha
Reportage qui date de l'été dernier, j'étais au jus. 🙂
Pour un prochain voyage <3
Matt
Kevin Bernaschini y'a olive et artichauts qui passent ! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
This is where they're shooting the porn?
Nicolas Leroux si même Le Time s'y met
Extraño intensoooooo
Mes filles, Heimweh! Ella, Elena, Térésa, Marisa, Sophia, Yo, Любомира, Marina, Elitsa😍
"..just a bottle of rosé and you re perfect" ohh yessssss <3 j'ai hâte troooop vous revoir!!!
Bedda Belhoucine tu disais?
We have a spot to play volleyball, next time you come me and Delph will bring you there amigo 😎😊😊
C'est pourri ton truc
hahahaha :* :*
Cool! Maybe it was just the wrong time of year :)
Laurie Mt Veraguas
Dan, try Antibes, the pearl!
Jacquie Mercedes Siaki
on vous attend!! il reste même pas un jour 😍 à très bientôt mes chéries! ❤️
Lisa Blüchel Vanessa Schmiegel ihr müsst mich wohl doch mal besuchen kommen ;)
omggggg!!! i still have dreams of that one hole in the wall restaurant we went to #glutenheaven
I wonder if that Australian ever became a pro wrestler...
LOL
Omg I can’t wait!!!!!
Oh YASSS
Yaaaa se de cada esquina me da nostalgiaaa 😍, los jellyfish de la playa
Damnn. Need to visit ow
Rigo Osée Michael Brou definitely
Yeahh trop beau
Magali Feng It seems Nice is the best place for relaxed vacation 😊😊
Pacho Deputa Nice, plus belle ville du monde... tu finiras par le comprendre...
I don't know Nice. But I know the Montpellier's area. I posted some photos on my blog 😉
Monique Taugasolo my city ! I would like to find a video of yours 😊💗😘 Nice day my friend
Tu mas convaincu..  jprend mes billets jarrive... Jdeconne fdp
Mais faut avouer que Sur la video CA rend bien... Jai juste pas la mentalite pour rester la bas
Hayley watch until the end
Jean-francois Dupont Christine]
Enzo E Manu Winchester Chiara Bruno Fabiola Alaia riconoscete qualcuno?? 😂😂😂😂
L albanese
Vraiment belle ville
Piko LI ☺️
Sarah B.K Sandra Croso à partir de 30 secondes 😂
🤣🤣🤣
TA RAAACE LA RESSORS PAAAAS
Josselin

Nice une ville italienne il y a 150 ans ???? 😡😡😡Mes ancêtres vont tous se retourner dans leurs tombes !!!! 
Ignorants .... le comte de Nice n'a JAMAIS été italien ...
Ted Davies ❤️
Nico Gomez
Guillaume Rouzo
Jessica Young
Madison Pinckes
Pierre
Nesma Merhoum hurts :(
:'( <3
Camille perfect place pour toi !
Ouiiiiii 😊💕
And airbnb prices that do too
💔💔💔💔
J'ai l'impression qu'on pourra jamais y retourner tranquillement. what about camping tho ??
#OccupyMenton
❤️
Carla RicciRomane LeymarieSarah CohenLéa GinonJasmeen Benameur
Ça me manque, je vais pleurer 😢
Geppetto Alex
Franck Pivert Nice est française depuis 157 ans (1860)
Thank you for the portrait of my natal city, The New York Times. However... "150 years ago Nice was an Italian city" is grossly false: When the States of Savoy give Nice to France in 1860, Italy does not even exist (it was founded in 1861)... Nice was also not of "pre-Italian" culture, or spirit, at this time: The language spoken in the city was French, not Italian; actually, during the municipal plebiscite of 1860, 86% of voters opted for the attachment to France.
Par contre il y a qu'un quartier pour nighter ? Place du pin et rue Bonaparte ?
tout ce qu'on aime
😂😂😂
Totdat je er gaat wonen 😂 Bibiche Flier Jet van der Lubbe
I want to gooooo
Eren Hortum Chloe Gillot next trip guys
En je de echte Nice spirit meemaakt.
#maffia #hoeren #zwervers #aanranders 😂
We hadden een eigen promo film van Nice moeten maken met de ware Nice spirit
Roxy Young
Léonie Fcq juste parce que t'en parles pas assez...
Mdr 😂 pas assez tu as raison
Heineken beer, coke , oranjus!
Nguyễn Hải Linh When are you coming back ?
Kalinda Jyoti Can we travel again I feel like its been too long since I have been anywhere!
If all goes as planned, Topher.
Sean - for your next vacation, choose the best Mediterranean city!
Amal can you plan and book this trip for me ?  apparently you're great at admin
Those gd pebbles
Nolwenn Peyre je t'attends <3
Those gd pebbles are better than sand ok -.-
Putain trop haaaaate ❤❤❤
Mario Muela pour toi qui aimes cette ville
Clara ton papa à 3:19 ! (J'imagine que tu l'as déjà vu 😂)
Ehhh oui Jacky la star 😍
Jérémiah KnKt
Sarah B.K Sandra Croso les stars!!!!!
Matthieu Bouda on est pas si mal 👸🏼
Oui grave chérie on a pas trop a se plaindre lol
Pauline
Roddy MacDonald and there you've got all the reasons why you have to come!
Aloura on parle pas de monaco dans le New York Times hein 😎
I’m coming!!! 😂😂❤️
I watched this during lecture, imagine my mood😞💕
Sean Hutchison hmm Nice, but I don't speak french
Amal - you can keep using google translate. This is how you're talking to most of your clients
hahaha
But its not true.  Nice belonged to Provence until it left to join Savoia which was partly in Piedmont and partly in France.  Italy was consolidated by these same people in 1862.  Nice was voted back to join France.  I dont even think there was a kingdom of piedmont except if it existed prior to the middle ages.
Très belle ville avec le Vieux Nice
I forgot that I was addressing myself to an Anglophone. Depending in which language and in which country you learnt European history, you would use different names to design the Kingdom of Sardinia. The official name was Kingdom of Sardinia (english), Regno di Sardegna (italian), Royaume de Sardaigne (french), Königreich Sardinien  (german). Innoficially, but commonly used in Europe are designations such as "Royaume de Piémont-Sardaigne" (french), "Kőnigreich Sardinien-Piemont" (german), Or "Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia" to emphasise that in the composite state under the rule of Savoy the Island of Sardinia was of secondary importance to the monarchy. The Turin Treaty of 24 March 1860 sanctioned the annexation of the Nice and Savoy counties to France, based on the secret agreement (1858) that if France would support the unification of Italy by Sardinia, in return Sardinia was asked to cede the Duchy of Savoy to France along with, more contentiously, the predominantly non french speaking County of Nice. In 1860 the state of Italy did not exist. Nizza (Nice) never belonged to Italy.
Adeeb Moulla
Asmaa Radia venez à Nice
Maria Sim ☺
omfg SO EXCITED!!
kinda wanna just move here and paint for a year now byee
Téo Vercellino Arthur Leger
@ les marseillais 😡
dude lets do it
Chiara Mariani ❤️❤️❤️
Frédérique Mattei ❤️💙💛💚
Marc Dragon faut tester les deux canailles donc !
Et voir jusqu ou vont les galais! :)
Maggie Mckinstry
Sarah Schiffmann jfg il aime bien les deux canailles
Jfg et moi on va finir ensemble. On ira transpirer chez Moving et regrossir chez les deux canailles.
Jordan à ma Ville 😛
Kirstie Hicks to show at Nice meeting 🙂?
Je l'ai regardé en entièr c'est trop intéressant 😂
Deffo Annie Shrmn xxxxp
Ezio Martinez je crois pas que the NYtimes parle de Biarritz
Andreia Ziliotto Berlitz
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/05/18/travel/what-to-do-36-hours-in-biarritz-france.html il parlait de Biarritz y’a déjà bien longtemps
Woaw je pue le seum
Xavier Roux
Michael Gilbert Jeanne Burke
Ugh. Not sure if u can actually get over the beach rocks though lol
Axel Rossi
Que show esse vídeo! Amo Nice!!!! 😍😘
Chiara Furfaro
San Dee let's go back 😭
😭😭😭😭
Love this video
La Leprona 😜

C'est vrai mais de l'autre côté de l'Atlantique on ne s'embarrasse pas trop de la géographie et de l'historique de chaque pays. Le but du jeu étais de lire dans le NYT un article sur la ville c'était cela l'important
Carina Jamnig
Want back :(
Tout à fait !!!!!
Tom van der Velde
Soon!
Tom van der Velde "you eat good. You drink good." that's all you need!!
Au niveau du vote on sait aussi pourquoi ils ont voté la France 
( zieutez la catalogne pour un aperçu )
Nabil Slaoui Pierre Btly on en parle des prises au Malabar station?
Hahah quelle émotion de revoir la piétonne, il ne manque que l'expertise historique d'Adel
Drew Stephen Insung Kwon just check that
I need Nice in my life
come for the holidayzzz
Rotfl. And I was so proud of my wordless pull in that club. Those were the days
Wordless pull! Classic! Better than Boneas points! 😉 Xxx
Jai Singh that's my city. (sidenote: not at all Italian)
Emeline Robert
Keen to visit
Anytime
quelle belle pub
Hamish Renwick
Meg Doran
lets go
Nice n a jamais était italienne bouffonne
Marie-Julie Cesari
Antoine Posovski - Les keums ils ont le même accent que toi en anglais par contre poto LOL. 
Genre tu tag tes potes la dedans en plus genre Nice c'est trop une ville ché-bran avec son petit Marais mdr.
laisse les rêver mdrr
Mnn LucilleAlex PeraldiHugo BaraniLolita VoisinOceane FntTatou FontaineKillian Tranchevent cest cool mais il nous montre que le côté pouet pouet coincé du cul par un cintre et blindaw de nizza
Antonin Floris Gualde just missing un passage sur la promenade avec le football ball
ta cru quoi, qu'ils allaient faire leur com' touristique au highclub ?
Ça va c'est pas à chier l'image qu'ils donnent
ouais cest sympa
Xest juste pas notre réalité mdr
Karen Le Mat
Y'a pas la movida... Ni le merkado les nouvelles institutions
Oui c'est ce qui me semblait
Yasmina Idn
Adrian Jak
Ma viiiiiiie hahahaha, trop hate de revenir
Can't waaaaait ❤️
Anais Giovannangeli regarde c'est le New York Times, marrant hein
Jordan Kathryn Mezeret
C'est une grande ville de la Côte d'Azur c'est juste pour ça en fait
bien sur
Amir Eftekarpour sorry i dont care about being a tacky tourist
